Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 408: The scream that echoes in the divine precincts and the resurrection of the sin-chained evil god

His first impression was bizarre and eccentricity for the sinner's deity.

It was clear even in a short time. The dialect is close to Gudulanis, but the dialect is completely different. I thought that my senses have become clear.

I see. So, did Arda 目覚め up Bellwood by going to this place?)

However, at the same time, I fell in a腑ible way.

In this dark room, built in the Gods of Alda, there is no means to know the information outside.

The name remains in myth as a deity in which it became synonymous with Bellwood, and even if feared, there is no one who knows the doctrine. For this reason, Jalodipsu is not able to know the outside by seeing the believers while being God.

I had to spend more than 50,000 years while being piled up in the body.

So when the Heinz's "five-colored blade" appeared here, I remembered the surprise in the inner mind. What does Arda try to raise Bellwood until he lives in the Gods?

I wondered whether Alda’s just lost or behind the remnants of the Majestic army was revived due to some reason, the spirit of Gudulanis and the seal of the body.

I wonder if another magic king came to invade from another world.

Or did you come back from the seal?

Or did other great gods   up with Alda?

I just thought a little, I guessed how much. And I couldn’t be convinced what guess is right by thinking a little, so I 意識ed the bellwood waking up with the honey... Now I was completely sealed and conscious.

Then, in the sense of gerodipsu, the seal is loose and the eyes are 覚ed. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. If it was left for tens of thousands of years without the notice of Alda, it may be possible that [Pile of law] to loosen. But this is the God of Alda. It is not possible that the pile will loose after time.

If you think, you can do something to Alda’s own body. However, there is no safety here that should be part of his God.

When I saw a narrow or thin chain that can be put out from the gap of seals, Zulwan and Vandalou appeared.

(Is it all correct?)

Vida revived from the seal, and other great gods were   up and placed on her side instead of Alda. And the seal of the soul of Gudulanis and the deficiency of the body was dissolved. The latter seems to have been absorbed by something rather than revived as Gudulanis.

It’s hard to believe that Gudulanis was absorbed, but the more surprising thing is that something that absorbed Gudulanis is with the Great Gods.

Thank you. I'm Vandaloo and I'm sorry.

"..."The evil god of the sinners"..."Jarodips"

In this way, Gduranis was absorbed, but it was amazing for Giarodipsu even if you just cross the word Vanderou.

It is my first time to meet the 'Jalodips'. In other words, the existence of human beings who are not belonging to the Mao army ... If you are parasitic, you do not absorb the maze of the maze without exception, and keep the trueness of the world?

If this Vanderou is the main thing of the strong spiritual power that transcends God?

“I’ve come to talk here, can I speak in the same state?”

“...I don’t want to make a voice.” The sense is also limited

Thanks to the slight gaps that the "piles of law" loosened, the jarodips are a。ning. However, I felt pain because the "piles of law" waking up loosely.

I had been in a pile for more than 50,000 years, so I was used to the extent that it is pain...

However, it will take a long time unless you are Alda alone even if you pull out the "Pile of the Law".

"I'll cut several books. Please tell me if it is painful.

However, Vandalou said that he pulled out and crushed one of the piles with five指。s. I feel that I heard a shout like a scream from a distance.

“Vandaloo...I think it’s painful.”

』

The Lord of shouting was Vandalu, which is known to be a alda crushed by the gods, but he ignored it.

How to make I don't have to do so, but I'm so bad.

"It's not related to the effect, it's completely my grief. However, “Piles of the Law” is effective ... Did Alda know that he had a blood up in his head or did he know that he continued to look...”

“How many times I’ve been stinged?”  

“...Vidah, should you say that it’s honoury? Oh, there’s no other obstacle to talking about it.” It's okay. Thank you

Giarodipsu was surprised that Vandalou had crushed the "piles of law", and Alda seemed to be healthy, but it seems to be a far away from freedom.

“Is that right? First of all, it’s the purpose of talking about it. I’ll talk about what’s happening outside and ask you. So, I want you to think about whether you will do as a new God in this world.

Then Vandaloos reported the history of the rough lambda world after he was prisoned in the Gods of Alda and the events until now.

Jalodipsu was surprised that Vandalu was a human being who has been reborn from another world, but he was able to absorb the magical Gudulanis and take the world to a new God calmly.

In the world where the jealous gods were originally, the strongest existence of each tribe became God, and the strongest existence of the god was the name of the King.

In other words, Gudulanis, who振ed the世界でerce in the lambda world, was just a living thing at first.

In this world of lambda, it is also an example of living organisms. However, even if Vandaloo, who is originally human, has become a presence beyond Gudulanis, it is surprisingly worth it, but it is not possible.

In fact, it is in front of you. He is not a brave who was summoned from another world, but God ... He is also a honey whose power is equivalent to the Great God, and his progress seems to have exceeded his expectations.

"I'm sorry. If you continue to sleep here, don’t you?

Giarodips silenced just by saying that they thought about the disappearance of Bellwood, Heinz and Deliza.

The Arda was moved by Berwood waking up, and the resulting Arda rans. That’s why Bellwood is waking away. In addition, it was not able to sleep again the 目覚めed bellwood, and it was created by the honey. I thought that it should not be mercy by棚 it on a shelf.

“But I have a duty to praise you for your gra、. I lost the bellwood that I couldn’t stop waking up, and I stopped Alda and his madder and protected many people.

Thank you and respect

』

Vandalou received a gra  from Giarodips. As I talked about the personality of Jalodipsu (mystery?) while I talked so far, it is not like a deity ... It corresponds to the confusion of the di。 attitude more than some gods.

“So, you’re going to come, but don’t you be able to cooperate with the world as a god of this world?”

And Vanderouts decided that there was no danger to Jalodips because it was not the Gods of the Devilish League.

The deity of the sinners, Jalodips, simply speaking, “All existences are with。s,” said, “Making self-awareness” and “re。ting。.” It is not recommended to唆 others, not to唆.

The Gods of Esperity, Hijirushkakaka, who recommends to tamper the life, and the Gods of the other Devils who seek sacrifice are very different.

Of course, even if you encourage you to punish yourself that is recommended to compensate for。s, it is not limited to things that are important in life such as daily life, marriage, and parenting.

Jalodips basically left the believers themselves how to closely interact with their lives.

If you feel that you are overwork, you will talk directly with God’s Deposit.

Because I was aware of the fact that Jalodips are different from people, I thought that I should be able to do my mouth. ...... More than that, the original invader for this world. It is a sinner who took away many people's lives as the distribution of the King Gudulanis. The sinner thought to be a fountain, such as "this should be" to the sinner.

In that sense, Jalodips may practice their own doctrine.

“I don’t know it.” I wanted to do so until I was sealed in Alda.

Jalodips, who loves this world and human beings, has been aiming to join the Vida family as a way to compensate the past.

There was a way to be punished as an ex-invader, but in Giarodips there was no alda or Bellwood at that time.

And I'm sure it was right.

"New brothers, I couldn't contact them at that time, and I didn't have any trouble."

The Great Daijin, Rikushin. Let's take your feelings. However, it is a matter of course.

The responsibilities that Rixus and Zulwarn had been sleeping for about 50,000 years after being played in Gudulanis were also considered to be a member of the Magnolia army.

In the first place, Jalodips, before resting Bellwood, was only a deity of the Democratic Democratic Democratic deities, who had only played a few believers, and there was almost no presence knowing that he wanted to join the Vida. Even if he was unable to contact Rikuhin before he was prisoned in the Alda Gods, it is natural.

In addition, if Jalodips had succeeded in translating to the Vida family five thousand years ago, it may not be possible to sleep Bellwood. Then, because of the absence of Bellwood, Farmown Gordo is not going to return to the righteousness, and may have been in the same way as in Nine Road as the Alda force as a神d.

“I made it possible.” That's it.

However, I would like to borrow my strength. My name remains on the ground no longer seems to be a deity that came together with Bellwood.

Even now, the name of the sinner remains, but it is centered on fears and fears of the fears and fears that came together with the sword God Berwood, as Jalodips said, and the doctrine of his life was lost.

There existed an organization that believes "the deity of the sinner" as a symbol of the rebellion and the rebellion, but the faith is far from his own doctrine, and it is not reached at all.

The wicked God of the former Mausoleum, which is similar to the Jalodips, is forced to find the person in which the wavelengths are matched and ask to become a believer and become a believer.

In Ravovifard, who chose the former, he was a believer who talked to the Emperor Buggytas of the Kingdom of Noble Oak, who was the empire at that time, and became a foothold of Fukyo.

And the example of choosing the latter is Fidi Lug. He built a community that creates a reservoir and believes himself. And there is also a option to ride other God’s followers, like the “Ranging Dragon God” Ruffezfor.

However, as Jalodips, there is another option in front of you. It is God, the king, and the man, Vanderou, so I decided to ask him.

"Of course." If you come back from here, let’s build a statue around you.

And Vandalou was going to speak to Nuasa to give the top priority to the construction of the statue of the Giardips. By doing so, you may be able to slow down your own statue.

Since I changed my job to God, I have given up to become a real god in terms of being a person and God. However, I would like to have a period of preparation for my heart. If possible, time equal to eternity.

"Origin" It seems to have been prayed quite a lot in the world, but it is because I do not have a huge statue yet.

"I'll remove the remaining "piles of law".

However, first of all, it is a predecessor to solve the seal. Vandalou has increased new hands to quickly crush piles that are still stinging more than 100 pieces.

“Want to wait, Vanderou.” Is it okay?

But Botin said that he stops Vandaloo. The eyes are in the direction of the day after the light.

When God is crushed, God is the Lord, but he is not as crushed, but is damaged. The scream of Alda was resonated even when the pile was crushed.

No fatal damage will be taken even if hundreds of Gods are crushed in the early Alda. Overnight sleep However, Alda has just processed his soul to Vanderou. Butin is concerned about whether the processed alda can withstand.

“Oh, it’s okay!”

But instead of Vandaloo, Zurwan answered that.

"Zulwarn ... also miscellaneous things"

“Botin, we are out of mind.” It is a reason for us. First of all, our heart hurts to keep Jalodips convicted by Alda’s gods. Secondly, if you do it, it is better to have Alda believer yet.

Vanderou won in the Holy War and passed only one day. Gods are not yet known to human society. Other than those who can get information about the use of King Vanderou, and those who are close to it.

For this reason, the Gods of Alda and Alda power of the Amid Holy Kingdom have not yet been greatly reduced.

If you take damage, it is better to recover from his or her faith. Zurwan seems to have thought.

"The scratches that have been cut are faster than the wounds that have been cut slowly. It’s better for people to do it.

I see. That’s right.

Zantark also agrees to Zurwan and agrees to Botin.

"I'll go at once."

Vandaloo stretched his hand countlessly and grabs countless piles.

The screaming of Alda shouted to the gods.

Jalodips, released from the Gods of Alda, had chosen to see the scene first, without having to do something like that.

"There is a lot of sense of freedom, it may be a mistake. It has been more than 50,000 years since we were sealed. The world of the people will change."

Jalodips, which is not the god of quality that is originally believed in large numbers, was quite devastating about his textbook. I don’t want to be destroyed by a lack of trust, but I don’t have a missing piece to make many of my followers.

"I'm not going to change the basic part of the doctrine. However, it may be necessary to change the details and method of conveyance. I want to learn and think about the modern world.

...... If you are not God, you should think of others.

No matter what God is, no one can be. It is most suitable for people to tell people because it is only God. However, because the believers who dedicate the Jarodips are interrupted while they are too busy, they have to do the Jarodips.

“Let me tell you?”

“You’re getting out of the ordinary people, too.”

Vandaloo, the exception, suggested, was also squeaked by Giarodips.

"...I don't have self-consciousness"

“I don’t have any feelings, but I don’t want to be your obedient god.” Why do not you rely on other gods?

“How do you do it? Is it impossible to know through people’s eyes, or if there are no followers?”

“It takes time to make a new residue like Gphadoghan, and the more people who are able to become God like Vida and Dalcia shouldn’t find it?”

Jalodips, who asked Pelia and Botin, answered laughing on the bark at two heads.

Let's make it with a dungeon, and wait for those who want to capture it in the back. Thanks to Vandalou’s statue enshrined in the temple, it’s worth the time. I want to wait for 100 years and thousands of years.

People live for a long period of time or 100 years, but in the Vidal Magic Empire, cured by Vanderou, there are a few residents who can live for hundreds of years or thousands of years without limitation in life.

“It should have power to create a dungeon.”

“Well, do you use this as it is?”

“It shouldn’t be a good place for you.”

“It’s like that. Go to the gods of Alda. It would be worth noting to leave only unmanned prison.

That’s why I’ve been here for 50,000 years. Home

It seems that Jalodips will use this room that was ghosting him for a new dungeon. It seems that this is not a fair place for him.

"I want to find a place near the capital of Vidal Magic Empire, but if there is a good place, please tell me."

』

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

I would like to hear from you.

On June 28th, I will release 8 books of my work!

On Friday, 25th of today, the purchase award SS of my work will be released on Seven Net Print.

Komi Calligraphy Edition 6 is a white Vanderlus with the先生 Sadilis of Kenyo Kojima.

The book version 8 is a book! Dr. Dalcia and Bermond, and the king of the two years have passed through the book cover.

Please refer to the official website for details of the sale of SS Seven Net Print.

In addition, I will make Saga Forest 6th anniversary goods from June 29th. Art frames and acrylic figures

If you are interested, please check the details by searching "Kojikore".