Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 69 People related to God

I was relieved that Asagi Minami was convinced and he was cured for ease.

“Oh, it’s good.”

。 I can't interfere from here, and I don't use [the descendant of use] only when such

“I don’t know how to listen to our things after all even if I use it.”

It was a three-person of Yukiya Marufuji, Akira町da, and Izumi Shimada who is trying to do something while turning the regeneration system in the gods of Rodo Corte.

They watched theギs from the gods of Lodgorte with a feeling that they pray for peace. I didn’t have to be able to see them.

They are not God, but you can’t make a deity by their own judgment. Therefore, I cannot send messages from him or herself to cedar,ウ, and ginger.

If you use cedars, it is possible to get down to their body and tell their intentions. However, there was no opportunity to stay in the peaceful Orbaum just after the big incident.

There is also an opinion that Rodo Corte had to do the asagi before he was unbehavioral to Arda. However, if it is possible, the tendo and shoko re生 him. That’s why it’s now.

However, as a result, I was calm.

“I just appreciate Mari and Vanderou.” If the cedar was killed, he would have been guided to Vanderou... I wouldn’t be able to crush the soul just for the reason, but it was put in a suitable goム and left in a few thousand years.

Asagiri, who has written something to Vanderou's behavior, can't escape from the influence of his guidance if you become a dead spirit. He is a fellow of Vandaloo. It is not related to guide if Vandaloo is admitted. It will be led.

Rodocolte is also unbehavioral, so it is impossible to collect the soul from the ground. If it is not possible to return to the reincarnation system at the next moment of dead, it is impossible first.

However, it is not until you think about how Vandalou feels the spirit of Asagiri.

What is the use of Alda?

"Oh, from here I can't see the movement, but I don't think it's okay because there is no noise."

His use of Alda is placed in the throne of Lodgorte to see the subturbation, and he was warned that he would not blow him to the throne at the entrance to the throne of the throne, or to cooperate with the throne.

It seems that Asagi is a companion of Vandalu, the enemy of Vandalu. It seems that it is a relationship that cooperates if there is something wrong.

“I don’t know what it’s like, but I’m not sure that it’s at least an adult.”

“Now, do you proceed with work that is no longer memorable?”

And the three are relieved to work.

In Labranda Island where the Gotoda of Mao and Super Sensation of Noah, the revived Gudulanis were defeated by Vandalu, and the Amid Empire changed the name and structure of the Amid。 and the country, and the boundary Mountains had no special change.

It is because there is a distance that takes more than a month on the ship between the Baangaia continent and the Labranda island, and there is no frequent visit on the ship. After a month, the crew and the captain of the ship were revived by the hustle and bustle of Gudulanis, Dark Abalone, but it seems to have been defeated, and the exchange of information by the trader will be a little fus.

And in January and half months, the boundary of the mountain range was moving... More than that, the 国ld of the island would be a big 騒.

However, for residents of島の islands who are not directly related to trade, the events in the Baangaia continent are not far away. People involved in the trade are concerned about whether they can support the business, and the family of the shipowner remembers whether the husband and son can return safely. That is the degree.

"I'm, today's business day. A, today I go to the commercial ルドld, and then I will go to the shop number between them."

"Yes, store manager"

Mao’s shop is home to Gotoda, and it’s rare to be a store with dwarf store managers and elfs.

It was the reason why both of us were the former adventurer.

It is about half a month to know that two people are going on in the Baangaia continent. The two people away from the adventurer's earning business need to use [your descending], and the submarine did not feel the need to convey information se。tially. Rather, if you interact with information frequently, you may be invoked a danger, please think of the subturbation from a while ago.

Actually, there were several candidates from the two labeled islands to the Baangaia continent on the boat, but Mao and Gotouda did not know that.

It was silenced other than the fellows who have been involved in the party. And there are many adventurers going out of the island and heading to the Baangaia continent and other islands.

Even if you know, Mao and Gotouda could not stop them.

On the other hand, “Horaijin” Alda knew that two re生ers were on the island, but he still thought he could leave. I thought that I could afford to bring out my hands.

They don’t work with Vandalu, but they don’t fight against them. It is not true that we believe the God of our power.

The island is located away from the Baangaia continent, and it takes a long time to go.

There are few assassins who can assassinate gotoda with [super-sensitivity] ability even if they are to send assassins. And as the assassin succeeded, the two are not the companion of Vanderou, so the power of Vanderou decreases. If the assassin is defeated, the fighting force decreases.

Rather, if you use the re生ing system in the gods of Lodcorte, you will be発ed by two deaths and stop the system, it is dangerous.

Even if you are soliciting, you can get it even if it is successful. Although there is a cheat ability, I decided that it is necessary to develop candidates to listen to the instructions rather than adding two reincarnations who do not know what to do to Alda.

And thinking that Vandalou is not a time to be involved with the Mao ... I did not have interest exactly.

Mao’s “Noah” and “Sam and Quattro” have more capacity to transport, and Gotouda’s “Super Sensation” is far from the need because Vandalu’s own sense can be strengthened with “The Flaws of Magic”.

If two people join Alda power, they must be addressed as an enemy, but it is not necessary because they are not moving from the island.

In the island where two people live, it will be a visit in the future for the rehabilitation of the new breed of Vida and the textile of the Vida faith. If there is no thing, it may be a near future. However, the situation has changed due to the act of the Amid  and the Duchess of Fゾン.

It is not the limit if there is a severe persecution against the new breed of Vida in the island, but there is no such thing.

In other words, the priority is low for Vanderou.

These two reincarnations continue to be placed outside the mosquito net of the fight that世界のed the future of the world as our wishes.

At that time, the mir。s of God occurred in the Amidst。 and the Duchess of Fゾン.

"Dungeon appeared! This time is the dungeon of the God of the soldiers!"

It seems that the dinosaurs who received the advocacy of "God of the soldiers" are heading toward the攻略. Do you have any questions?

“No, let’s give it to you as soon as you have been applied. The role of the dungeon dinosaur is to train the dinosaurs who gave the protection."

In the past, the gods of the thunderclouds, Fitton, trained the sudden dinosaurs who had their own spirits, but the gods of the alda force descended their entrance to the dungeon of trials, as they used their dungeons.

To further train potential candidates.

It is prohibited to drop the dungeon of trial on the ground. If the dungeon descended on the ground is tra , even if there is a large amount of magic, it will be even more varied.

And after that, I use the power to collect the dungeon of trial.

These “Dungeons of Trials” can only be challenged by the presence of a handful of choices, so it is difficult to taste. Only dungeons with high difficulty than usual can be challenged by anyone walking.

Even though there may be one thing, the Gods of the Alda forces descend the "Dungeon of trials" one after another, so the mystery is beginning to disappear early from the recognition of the people of the Amid。.

I know that people are also an emergency that God has to do so, but I have to have an interest in the individual “Dungeon of Trials” for trials that only those who are chosen to emerge next time.

The gods of Alda are also feeling it. “Now, there is no way to do it.” “Before the battle of the world’s death,” he said.

That’s why the world is saved by defeating Vandaloo in his head. By defeating Vandalu, Zulwarn returns to Botin, Pelia, and Rikula, and Vida is now devastated and disappears from the seat of God, and the world is aware that it is right.

As they were independent God, they were the believers of Arda. The people who have believed that the Alda is the chief of God.

They believe in Alda.

If you think calmly, you can see that the grooves between Alda and the other gods will be deepened and will not be shallow.

What is changing by repeating the same thing as 10,000 years ago? They don’t think of it as anyone else.

In the first place, there is no expectation that Vandaloos can win the Alda force against the opponent. Even if the total population of the world can be less than a few thousand people after the battle is over, the total power is力を together.

And even if you defeat Vanderou, it will not disappear directly. Also, the problem of the regeneration system of the wheel is not solved even if Alda had a stake of the law to Rodo Corte and destroyed the regeneration system.

Just destroying the system of Vida is because the soul already in the system loses the place. After that, Rodo Corte must collect the soul.

The souls of those who are not ranked in the spirit that is included in the Vida-type regeneration system should be absorbed into the Lodcorte-type regeneration system.

However, Rodocorte is currently pier、 of piles and cannot be acted. Even if Alda releases him after defeating Vandalou, there is no guarantee that Rodo Corte does not contrary the promise with Alda who has destroyed himself with a pile.

If the promise is contrary, Alda will contrary to the refuge of the Alda affiliated with the presence of a new breed of Vida, which has been emitted through Ayleek.

If you win the fight against Vandalou, you will have a feeling of unfamiliar with those who survived.

However, the obedient gods remaining in Alda force do not notice that they did. If you’re wondering, you’re thinking of God who has noticed like Bashas and Elk, because you’re already away from Alda.

The remaining gods are either those who can not do it or those who blindly support Alda.

“Everything is for justice.” My child, the lambs, and my illuminating go

And Alda himself is not aware of that. Just like the subordinate gods, he pours everything to win Vanderou.

The Duke of Gerald Birgit was praised by the Duchess of Fazon and said to be the Holy War. However, it was true to Alda and many subordinates according to him.

Alda is chased.

“I lost Edgar, but Heinz is becoming stronger. In particular, the Heinz goes along with Bellwood, and the effect of the Heinth descending is increasing and the time limit is increasing. I noticed that bellwood is not bellwood, but bellwood is aligned with honey.

The candidates of the program are also growing. Even those who have been selected before,

The power of "five-colored blades" is growing. I love the candidates.

However, Alda was not enough. It is natural to think so.

However, there are few new players. I was chased too much, but I thought that I could use my faith as a temporary body to the Holy Spirit, but I decided that it was difficult to use the believers in various ways.

The reason why Fitton was able to perform that ban is the presence of a reincarnation that was replaced by riding the body. In other words, God whose power to interfere with the ground can not be a devotee. In addition, it is obviously difficult to abandon people without leaving any obstacles to the body, including the brain.

Memory and personality must be destroyed, but if it is affected by sensory organs and exercise functions such as eyes and ears, it can not demonstrate this territory even if you stay in the spirit.

And above all, I thought that the faith of the believers would shake when things were exposed.

“I’m doing aliakes for that minute, but I’m still not enough.”

In front of Alda, there was a missing piece of the soul of the sealed Gudulanis. The seals collected from the Gods of Lodgorte are also here, so there are all the souls of Gudulanis, except those喰ed in Vanderou.

This is a great weapon for Vandaloo. However, if you don’t hang the gudulanis that were released at the same time, it will be a big disaster, and it will strengthen the vandaloo.”

If you don’t defeat Vanderou, Alda is convinced that this world can’t be saved... you can’t get back the right ideal.

But at the same time, I understand the danger of reviving Gudulanis.

“But it’s not the chance to win Vandalu. If you think about how to use

A lost phrase, Alda stretched his hand to the 片 of the soul of Gudulanis.

At that time, the Emperor Arik Malme, who stands at the top of the Holy Land of Alda, was enthusiastic about the Holy Service given by God.

“Do you have a change?”

"Yes, I'm not at all."

“Is there any problem in候補者 candidates?”

"Of course"

The faithful apostles of God are talking. If you say that you are devoted to God, you will not be hesitant to life. Not only are you, but also the parents, lovers, wife, and children.

“I’ll repeat, but there’s no problem in choosing it? It’s not a matter of losing a number of conditions at our discretion, but it’s against God’s will.”

"Of course"

That’s why they’re strict with the Holy Spirit. Do not make a win-win decision to prioritize the will of God than his will.

"The applicable person was消d by Schne、s, but there are enough numbers."

There is no need to loosen the condition. I was going to devote myself at the time.

“It’s a matter of grief, but this is also the splendid of God.”

The selected candidates are connected to the chain, and they are carefully broken down and reincarnated.

And there were people who believed God.

"Bashス!おめでとうございます!"

A large man with a body that has a muscle bone ellipse on the face of a gan,  ed his knees in front of a美d woman, and lowered his head.

His name is Artサー. The appearance is a youth with a pure and good mind.

“Thank you, Artサー.” I'm happy to have such pleasure!

And the beauty is "the goddess of rain clouds" Bashas. I gained the body that is dependent on Mari and descended some of my soul.

If you look at it, you can feel力 power. If she is a goddess, the heavens will turn into rain, and the one who lives in her and her followers will be str ling.

This is the first time I really enjoyed it. Thank you for your faith!

However, it is just a woman tearing.

It was believed as a goddess who can reward not only the weather, but also the afflictions such as water pollution, and in the past few hundred years there was a low self-evaluation.

“What’s it? We’ve received the app、、 from Bashas, and now I’m here! Thanks to my sister and friend, I’m able to use this for the world!”

"Thank you!"

Art。 and his sister, Kalinear. and bolzofoi. They were also thankful for Bachas. As Bashas encouraged the goddess of darkness, Zerzelia and the God of。dow, they were encouraged.

"I'm also me!"

And by chance I met Artサーs and became friends, and Miriam was also gra。.

“Oh! Miriam, I am grateful to you! Thank you for your support. It was fate for you to visit this village.

“The goddess of rain clouds” will continue to be ... as long as I exist... I love you.”

The dark eyes of the bottom invisible to the shining glow, with a feeling that something is 巻ent and vortex. The evaluation of the goddess himself is repeatedly ranked up excessively.

“Hey, hey!”

Myriam, emb。ed by Bashas, was full of care.

I was accustomed to Vandalou, but the power of God is different. Or do you think he’s getting a lot of pressure from everyday?

Miriam believed that the Art s and theシャs are similar, while thinking about such things.

I thought that Zelzelia and Haml were similar to Calinear and Bolzofhoi.

“Now, I’m going to be with you.”

Miriam thought he wanted to fight.

“I want to sing and dance, but it’s okay?”

"Of course! . . . ?"

I heard her, but it was a strong nod.

Next story will be posted on August 4th.

Comicwalker and Niconico Still Image have been updated. Please check here.