Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 332: The patient is a monster

“Who was Marshkuzar missing? Who’s the job!? What did you see in the same time?”

。ing the throne of the castle of the Amid empire, the mellow voice was heard.

The Lord of the screaming is Sarazar Iristel, the eldest son of the lord of the lord of the New Amid emperor.

It seems to be a business of "Abusive嵐rm". According to the report from the "Evil Jade Sword", the former emperor seems to have been abducted."

“Hip! Schneダー!? Is this castle amulet?”

"Of course, the emperor! The talismanship of this castle is perfect! There is no existence such as a person who hurts the emperor who was chosen as a great Alda!"

As I heard the name of the Schne , the secretary’s role name taiko taiko taiko taiko taiko taikos are going to fall out of the throne that is hard to see.

However, it was not possible to give blood color to the face of the saザーal blue.

“What is the adventurer ルドld? How can you do it? How did you receive God’s app  ?? What is the wicked 五ld?

What is Arda Temple?

The secretary officers who are eager to calm down the salasal. Sarazar was also known. What I say is that it is a deer.

When Marshkuzar was at the thirst, he burned his hands to the storm of 虐。. There is no change in the situation when I became the emperor.

You may be able to defeat the Schne  if you combine the forces of the Alda Grand Prison to the A-class adventurer of the adventurer ルドld, the trespass of the gods, and the leap of the leap. But how do we collect and how do we collect the戦?

I didn’t know how much salザー. ...In the first place, there is no authority to execute it.

“Now, what was chosen as God... I’m not God but God!”

Sarazar has sufficient knowledge, experience and ambition. ......How to inherit the Lord of the Baron of Iristel.

The Duke of Iristel is an aristocratic who has been surrounded by the Amid Empire since the country, as well as the Duchess of Malmo, and the Lord has a 位al inheritance. The territory is the west side of the empire, the border between the country of Kernel Yondo.

Kernel Yondo is a country suitable for agriculture with a vast 作yard, producing food that meets the imperial gastric bag. In other words, Iristel is a noble who has a territory in a remote place from a peaceful and threatened enemy country.

Sarazar, the eld who had to take over the eld of Iristel, was a competent person to operate the eld of Iristel. However, there was no age as an emperor to cure the entire Empire.

And all of them knew that the upper part of the empire and more than the cardinal of the Alda Temple. However, it was because he was good for him as a puppet.

(Now, too much was the emperor for politics, too much knows! When the new emperor was opened from the Duchess of Malmo, the relationship between the new emperor Ayleek Malmo is too much, leaving the heart. But the other burials have a deep relationship with Marshkuzar, so I was chosen! It is a good puppet that is good for poison and medicine!)

I put the irritation on the elbow hanging of the throne, but there is no meaning just to hurt the fist. Now I'm just a calligraphy dove that tells the thirst of the Great Temple to the army, Knight, and the thirteen sword.

"But please! I have received a report that the rebel s of the Peria Temple of Karahad have been successfully captured! It is a thing that is currently being protected because it is ob te to the Prison!"

"It's so cool! Don't put it in your ears, such as the end of the craziest coop! Let's tell the temple directly!"

When Peria and Botin, the same god as Alda, the “Horaijin” was released by the saint whether he was a sanctuary of dirty vida, he was suing a claim that he could only be a madness for the normal Amid empire. In addition, the quality is bad because the priests who have been faithful and respectful are spreading their claims behind the secret.

Sarazar gave an instruction to capture those who had done so in the direction of Alda Grand Prison.

(How much is it?) Even if the Great Temple is not nervous, it is good. Does Peria and Botin also tell the truth by the deity of their followers? Or is the deity of the deity of the deity of the deity that the deity of the deity cannot receive the deity of the deity?)

Alda, who is also the chief of God, and Sarazar, whose sister and sister, did not have a prayer to Botin, had a breath in the mood that vomits blood.

In this way, as a dog of the Alda Grand Shrine, whose power was passed by Alda, it will remain in history as the most silly emperor of the Empire history. However, there is no way to do it.

"...I will tell you that the person who is not the chief priest of the rebellion, but the person who is confの by the word of the chief priest of the temple is treated with mercy."

“The Maje」, But It is the Temple of Alda”

“Do you want to go to the prison?”

"Hai!? I'm awe!"

The only thing you can do is to make your own 感lt by giving an instruction that will only be left to the extent of your  lt while spreading to the grammar.

"Eh, I feel bad! I have a drink!"

And the fear of being killed in the sniダー by sake, and the spit to the gods in the inner heart, while confusing the selflessness.

The authority of the empire of the Amid was surprisingly fallen because it has not been a few years since the re、ement of Marshkuzar.

At the early preliminary school of Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum, the meorilis, who saw the contents of the document submitted, had a s。ing face.

“I will be hospitalized for about a week? We have a unit system, so there is no problem... Will you enter the hospital?”

I knew Meoriris, a doctor whose mother of Elizabeth was hospitalized. Although the official name is a 院 trician, it is a facility that is only called a院 because there is no facility with the same name, and everyone has to avoid making a mouth.

There is a person who is called “razy” in the hospital ... it is ob te, and there is almost no subsequent appearance. Meolilis also knows that the aristocratic disciple who had a significant problem, and sometimes the Lord was hospitalized, and was left behind from society.

Know that likelihood is actually a person who has discharged. ...... Patients with dis ed家族s from their family, or patients who gave up treatment.

However, it is a facility that is reputed that there is no one living and leaving the hospital without such exception.

“What is going to do in that院?”

。 When I asked Paulina who came to submit a document, I did not talk anything. Close

Landorff asked Meolilis answered the rest.

"I'm sure you will be treated." When I dived into the town of Moxie in the Duchess of Alcム, the information I examined, but it seems to have recovered the woman who stopped killing, and the more people can talk in a few hours.

In Randorph, who speaks about Lilyana Alcrem, who was convicted by Minotaulos, Meorilis asked me even more with a shy face.

"It's a good thing. Because it cures patients who are difficult to complete. However, as it was possible to go to Vanderou, do that at this time? There is no other complaint, but if you can do it in a week, you can finish it before you go to school.

Meolilis does not know that the mother of Elizabeth is hospitalized in the院. She has a nickname to the aristocrat of Orbaum, but she is not doing a similar thing to the intelligence agency. If you want to examine it, you will be able to find it. There is no need to search for all the secrets of the student, and it is。 to be recognized by the aristocratic people who are trying to find the weakness of the student.

。 However, I don’t know what to do. If you are sick or injured, you can not see your mind and your patients.   you have broken hearts or just broken into another form, you don’t think you’re in your院.”

Randolph said that he had exhausted breath.

“I don’t trust Vanderou separately.” I am a student. I don’t have to worry about it.

I think it is better to be aware of each other from now."

After a short consultation, the veneer room with a vandalu is thick and the key is strict and cannot be opened from inside. There is a構造eking window, but it is not open from inside. Other than that, it was a luxurious thing that is not unnatural even though it is said to be a noble private room.

A dresser for storing desks, chairs and clothes using fine wood in a soft bed. The window has a steel grid.

The eyes of those who self-proclaim the doctors here are眼ten. How to treat Vanderou

“I’m sure, even if we know what we’re doing, it’s not the same way to treat madness!”

The ghost of the luminous person who danced in the reception room, the ghost of the luminous attribute, the darok and the veilkelt of the rabies were indignified, and the director of the 院 try and the doctor who examined Vanderou.

"Well, here is the guide to malfunction. ......What do you think about the doctor's attitude of the consultant?"

Of course, the director of the hospital who saw the introduction letter written in the Duke of Alcrem allowed the hospitalization. However, after that, the doctor who examined me was dissatisfied when he screamed, "I'm completely distracted! I'm not going to do it!"

How do you treat madness without doing anything?

“I’m not sure that I’m really shy? Do you think?

"No, it's no."

That’s right. Just look at it and pull it out.

"[Rememb、er] It's a good idea that I didn't think it might be."

Like Dalok, the princess of Chiplus, Levia, and Orvia are nodded to be the same as the words of Vandalu. There are differences in levels, but everyone has a mental pollution skill.

"It seems that it is used as a facility to kill the aristocratic disciples that cannot be left because there is too much bareness, but it is only known as a specialist."

Kimberley also has a [精神ritual pollution] skill, but he or Vanderou is not known to be crazy in the right sense.

In a good sense, I think that it is crazy.

"But the boss, it is only the treatment of the child's mother to enter here? This facility is a pretty odor. Well, there was something similar to the empire.

“I do, but there are many rumors that are not good as Kimberley says, so let’s check it out.”

I was able to hear rumors that were not good at this院 just by looking at it a little. The rumors are rumors, but they say that there is no smoke in the place without fire.

"This is because it is easy to find a person entering directly."

Even if it is医ten, the consciousness of the patient is thin, but it is a family facility of the temple. Even if you are a temple, you may think that you have just gotten a different facility under your organization. However, only the body is aligned.

The holy seal of the Holy Spirit, which is made of rock salt, is placed in the corner of the facility, and measures against the spirit are taken.

Therefore, the weak spirit cannot enter.

“I see my performance... I can’t trust the level of treatment of this facility, such as deciding that it is a madman before acting. Even if it is a drug given to Amelia, it may contain a deterioration component.

Vandaloo says that the doctor who is seriously working on the treatment of the patient to the  will get angry or fall out of the knee. However, there is no one who contradicts his words in this place.

Gwhadghan, who dives in the space behind Vandalu, has no mental pollution skills. However, she is very different from the people. The mental state expressed by the healthy life is too much.

Let’s go to Amelia. I'll ask you for the番.

From theのdow of Vandalou, there was a lot of stuff.

The staff of the hospital of several people ... Some men had to see that Vandaloo had to do the grass ... standing in front of the ward room of Vandalou.

However, it is not for anyone to enter the room. To prevent Vandalou from getting out of the veneer.

“What do you mean to me?”

“I don’t say。ish.” Home

"If you don't say it, you can do it. Work

However, the work、 was low. because they couldn’t understand the meaning of vandaloo.

This facility's disease room is made sturdy as a prison. Doors and walls are not broken even by C-class adventurers.

The stones used on walls, floors and ceilings are harder than the iron compressed by advanced clay magecraft. The column is made of black iron instead of wood. And under the wallpaper, the magicians are drawn with special dyes to enhance the anti-magnetic defense.

And the door is even more sturdy than the wall, and the Minotaurus is not viked even if it repeats the body. The key is a first-class product made by leading craftsmen and alchemists.

Vandalou is a private room of the aristocratic family, looking at the interior of the veneer and the furniture installed, but in fact the gold of the aristocratic private room or more is used. Therefore, as long as the family who came to the meeting is missing or not attending with the staff, the patient has never come out of the room.

The staff knew it.

That’s why they don’t think they need to grow.

"In the first place, if you do not spill the front tree ..."

“I don’t know how to make it! I think I’m going to be involved with people who like it!”

The reason they watched was that they remembered the request that one of yesterday and the director of the hospital contacts Ameria from the Count of Ream Sand.

"It's a different situation than yesterday!"

I entered the facility from the courtyard during yesterday. Perhaps it was in the sick room. But they thought that it would be because the visitors of friendship with him who had come to see.

“Oh, it’s really good. It’s a rumored dumpire taymer who is a student at a preparatory school. Is it impossible to warn the director?

“Oh, it’s today yesterday.” It’s natural to think that you’re trying something.”

“You might just put it in that woman.” It’s a beautiful year, but if I’m in charge, I’d say “It’s today’s medicine.”

“What should I look at from the dampilian僧?

“Now, if you are a patient, you don’t have to make it. Perfectly id. Once I came back, my husband gave me a warm welcome.

“What? Did you do?”

"I was going to do, but I was scared when I talked with the woman, so I just got a tea treat, and I immediately went out of the room. That woman, I'm talking to me, but I'm not looking at me, and I'm still talking with you. I'm still in the cold even if I remember now."

“Is there any other identification?” For the woman, the man who says it looks like you.

“In addition, it seems to call something that is invisible when no one is.  

。 So I will be your favorite ‘you’.

“Please be careful.” “Who are you? I’m not my husband!” Rumors, 10 years ago, there seems to be a man who stinged eyes with a knife for a meal, trying to hand out a woman's patient."

"Wow, scary." After all, it is better to have a decent woman in the barebacking hall even if you pay money."

The staff screamed "time" while continuing to do so. And he opened the door覗eking window without knocking.

『……』

From theベッドeking window, there was a look of Vandalou that looked at here by sitting on the bed.

“Hello, do you have any inconvenience?”

Ask with gentle staff smile and soft tone. Then Vandaloo was silent, but he swayed the neck.

“Is it?” Please do not hesitate to ask us anything you need. I will have a meal if I have a while.

A man said that he closed the window.

“I’m not a problem.”

“It’s important to be a VIP with an introduction letter from the Duchess of Alcム”

It is necessary to continue to be treated as a noble at the same time while looking at unwantedly. Vandalou was a tedious patient for this facility.

』

And in fact, Vandalou was not in this room anymore.

。 There is a dangerous person in the staff. Be careful

"Oh, but I can only hear from the sick room. Go outside and look for the face.

"Relied, Ghost"

There was no one in the room.

"Responsive: It is as good as before"

Ghost, one of the personalities that make up the Legion in the blue age of black, returns to the appearance of a slender meat mass and goes out from the narrow air outlet of the room.

"In particular, recently I was good at becoming thinner.  

In the creation of Goム, the ceiling and wall of the veterinary room were changed to goム, and Vandaloo reached the veterinary room on the second floor.

On the way, I got to eat Hokkaido and increase my friend. It was the moment when I reached her sick room.

“Well, today I was surprised by the wall. But why don’t you enter the door?

“If you get to the staff, you will be angry.”

Vanderou answers to Amelia that smiles so happy. Patients are not allowed to meet, but also to enter other patient's room.

“Yes, the meeting time is just over. Elizabeth and Maheria are coming back soon.

It seems that Amelia is talking about the meeting time.

“Well, if you come to someone, you can hide it under the bed or in the closet? It’s just like a child.”

Let’s do it. Yes, you can. Amelia

“You, you’re ameria... you’ll have someone else’s way.” Call Amelia

"...amellia"

When Vandaloo called herself, he conceived her cheeks in the brain that she was angry with Elizabeth, she laughed like a flower.

“Well, you?”

“I didn’t know that yesterday suddenly came back.”

“If you do, I’m sure you’re here today. Don’t worry, I’m your wife too. You know what you are doing

So Amelia answered... Vandalu appeared before her.

Vandalou continued to talk with you, thanking for his apology.

"Thank you, Amelia." But I can’t say good husband too sweet to your understanding.”

“Good, don’t try to be a good husband.” I loved you and married not a good husband"

"Thank you, Amelia." Can I ask?

“Well, you?”

"Please embrace"

When Vandalou spreads both arms, Amelia float full smile and sits on the chair.

“I’m a good smell...”

"It will be the remaining inc、 of inc、."

Vandalou examined the body of Amelia, which is emb。ed instead of anesthesia, caring for weak toxins that slow the sense from the tongue. [Philosophy] Stretch out a part of the body and find out if there is any abnormality in her body.

(The weakness of the body is due to lack of exercise.) Because the bone and muscle are weakened. It is better to get more sunlight...Without internal organs and abnormalities Nerve, functionally without abnormalities. Heart lung function, no abnormality.

Brain is abnormal?)

It was a healthy person as a woman who is supervised by the veneer. Poisons cannot be検出 from the body.

Apparently, it seems that it is not a simple story that can be reverted positively by putting the magecraft of [disinfection] to。 poison. However, it seems to be just heart disease.

(The function of brain memory and the ability to recognize is weakened.) It is weakened as a function of the brain, not the spirit. As a result, you have a mental impact.

In other words, the drug has deteriorated the heart of the ameria. ......It takes time to treat)

Even if the brain function of Amelia is recovered, it is not connected to the broken memory back. You can recover your memory even if it is broken, and you will not be able to change or misunderstand your memory. And if you recognizing, you will not see it anymore.

As a result, the spirit of Amelia is not accepted and may collapse.

(First,精神 the spirit.) Then gradually restore brain function. No more medicine.

...Is it cured for a week?)

In the next week, the treatment of Amelia, of course, must be examined by the drug she is drinking, examined the院 and treated by the friend who came to this room. At the same time, it is necessary to make a facility for mass production of general-purpose variants, finishing of dyana variants, and supervising marshkuzar.

It is very busy.

(Is it possible to build a marshkuzal to the person?)

If he is the same emperor as me, it will be enough)

Vandaloo is a super-s uled schedule that thinks about such things.

At that time, the door was knocked with a gun and the window was opened immediately.

"Lunch time"

Thank you

The staff looked a little bit odd at the red ameria on the cheeks, but when they open the door without worrying about it, they brought the wagon with lunch and 。 it on the table.

"I will go to the next step."

As the staff said, Amelia had a breath.

“You want to go!”

"Yes, it was a g」ly."

While answering the question, Vandaloo was on the floor without sound.

Let’s eat together. ......It’s not this meal, but it’s here.”

Vandalou began to take out the dishes prepared in the [In  World] for the sake of mind, and re  them with dishes that might have medicine.

Next story will be posted on September 9th.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

I was sweetened with estimates and my strengths.

Although it is not a slump, the progress of the work is much slower than expected, and I try to pace up, but it is a situation that is not quite up