Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 340: The increasing number of mice exploring

As if the wings were flying around, I noticed that the unpleasant atmosphere was from the Royal Palace.

......Vandalou and its destination? Have you noticed that I'm diving? No, I'm not sure yet.

The six-way thrusted that it should be a more direct means rather than looking for a proof.

The swords and shields that were created by themselves were shown to other aristocrats as a samurai using the swords of the King.

This is the result.

It may be strange to review the results even though it is searched by the hand. However, in the six-way guess, Vanderou had to be wary of him.

A six-way that defeated the fight with "Origin", but escaped without being 魂ed. Vanderou should not expect that he will be tuned by Rodo Corte and will be sent to Ramda.

Ulgen Terkatanis suddenly began to collect [the missing of the magical king] to his own hands instead of the temple. In Vandaloo, it was expected to connect it with my own existence.

"Now, it seems that it smells the surroundings of Terkatanis. But Vandaloo is not a hand piece, but the black curtain ... I should try to beat me directly.

It is painful to lose terkatanis in this world where there is a limited number of people who work as 足ine. It is painful, but it has already obtained a new body, and the reincarnation has finished.

If Terkatanis were killed, it is a fatal wound as a six-way, because he spits all the information he knows, so he must escape from here before the preparation is ready.

However, the sixth road examined the information about Vandalou in the gods of Lodo Corte. According to the reason, if Vandaloo, it was not expected unless the situation is imminent.

Vandaloo is a ring and fearing thing. The six roads that were chased are 暴ent, and the people of the kingdom of the Orbaum are en d in battle.

“In Vandalou, I wouldn’t be dreamed that I completely controlled the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis and reborn it into the body made with the maze.” However, Vandalou should think that I have been transformed into this world with some winnings such as adding more power than "Arc Avalon".

Actually, if there is no win, I did not think that the sixth way would be converted to "Ramda". It’s just a question, such as a life that continues to flee in one corner of the world, until it is destroyed by Vandaloo.

That’s why the sixth way came out to be a bet that absorbs the missing parts of the soul of Gudulanis to get the win.

And Vandaloo, who was wary that he should not be able to beat the sixth movement as before, should be careful. He thought.

The thoughts are wary of Vandaloo, who 望ed his ambition in the past. More than that, the sixth roads want to appreciate themselves.

I want to think that once I have defeated myself, I should be aware that I have moved again as a big threat.

We believe that we have evolved from an unelephant man  and have come to the world, and the self-esteem that weighed will not return to the original size even if we die.

However, there is a limited time to earn. If you have to make this body completely me quickly ..."

The sixth way holds the fist to make sure the body's condition while saying so.

“Bギy!”

!」

The appearance of魔 and Minotauros.

Each of these monsters, which look like a strong magic that exceeds 10 ranks, sprinkle the weapon on the back of the unprotected six-way.

?」



However, at the next moment, the weapon that the monsters squeaked down was broken, and the middle of the chest and half of the head disappeared to something.

“Owo...”

“Guruluu”

You can see whether the magic is attracted to the odor of blood and cerebral plasma, or even more. The rank is the same as the monsters that the sixth road has defeated earlier.

There are hundreds of monsters around the sixth road. In addition, there is no way to talk with each other, but it is just a 気ent that is similar to a crazy six-way.

The situation where the A-class adventurer must be aware of death, and even the S-class adventurer must be aware of the fight. However, there was no fear of fine dust.

"It's a good time"

Rokudo stretched something like a tactile from the back and shoulders with the same feeling as stretching his hands.

The monsters try to kill the 咆哮 claws, angers, weapons, fire, ice, electric shock, and shock waves.

And there were many killing magic. However, Rokudo stood in a position that was not changed earlier.

"The 片 of the King" is now available. at least in the same sense as this limbs. ......However, the limbs are made of the magus?

Rokudo learned how to use [the 片fact of the King] in order to adapt to humans, and also to different physical bodies.

This world’s humans and magics use the “Witch King’s Flaw” to gain skills and gradually ride the spirit, but nothing else. After all, it will be because you are taking a missing piece of the soul of Gudulanis, such as [Mae King's Activeness] and [Mae's Memory].

"And I don't have any influence on my own spirit. I have never thought about this kind of diet.

Rokudo had been reviving, and only the magic. And while living, the meat and internal organs are dissolved into the dolo and the bones are squeezed.

It is an unusual esophagus for people in this world who live as civilians in "Origin" and use the meat of the magic as ingredients.

However, Rokudo didn’t remember the feeling of harassment to that thing ... If you say more, I had no consciousness until I thought that my spirit is not influenced by [the精神 of the King].

It was like eating the dish on top of the dish.

What is the influence of the body? How do you think?

Just by the samurai used by the magic, his voice sounded in a space where there is no life other than the sixth road.

"I don't think there is a problem, Mr. Rokudo"

However, there was a person who responded to the voice of the six-way. Sherman's guardian Yukisuke.

"If the body changes, it is natural that it will be known to the spirit. In the sense of humanity, it is impossible to use the body created by [the 片fact of the Devil]

However, the contour is輪郭。ed, and it is transparent. He is not physically present.

So, he is a ghost, who is inherent in this world without rebirth.

In addition to him, there are also Jo・ Yamaoka of [Altemis]'s Katherine Miller [Ales]'s Sugiura Seven Nights and [Sleep Neil]'s Nishikagami Yoshihiko, [Baroll]. [Copy] Keno Iguchi is a state that can only be confirmed as a human-type mist because he was hurting his soul to a bander who is the part of Vandaloo.......

It’s because they’re not rolling, but ghosted, and they’re having six ways. Even if rebirth as a person, it is difficult to get more power than the previous world in a short time, and even the foot from them will be able to detect the presence in Vanderou.

If so, it is better that the sixth road remains a ghost to use in [The Dead Magic]. I thought.

In addition, Der、 of [Kutsei-jin] remains in the gods of Lodgorte to exchange information smoothly.

。 You can trust the word you know well. We will continue to ask.

After lunch, I want to train and develop magecraft, but it is difficult to take time to produce strong mage even in dungeon.

The sixth road is the inside of the dungeon that he created in the basement of the Royal Palace. He made the same dungeon as usual, unlike Vandalu. The likelihood was not controlled by dungeon.

[The 片。 of the King] is recognized as the King of the Sixth Ma, but the ジョンジョン born in the dungeon is 視ently eminently as the sixth foreign matter, and it is attacked to kill it as soon as possible.

I remembered a little discomfort on the sixth road. The magic is because the soul is ringed by the magical circle regeneration system that Gduranis mimics the regeneration system of Lodcorte.

However, the sixth road is neither Gudulanis nor the wicked god of its distribution. However, in the dungeon created there is no problem. I confirmed that my soul was inn.

Then, where do you come from the souls in the magic? The entrance of the dungeon is double tripled to prevent the information from leaking to the vandaloo, and the spirit cannot enter. Therefore, there is no reason that the spirit entered from the outside is reborn to the monster.

However, Rokudo thought that it is not important, and immediately  ed the consideration.

If you have a missing piece of the soul of the King Gudulanis, you may be unconsciously interfering with the magic wheel regeneration system. Alternatively, when you press the dungeon button, it may be a mechanism that automatically interferes with the wizard wheel regeneration system to monitor the wizard.

In both cases, he concluded that Vandalou is a strong enemy, and after that, he concluded that it is not a priority to self-introduction for the sixth road that might be not fighting the forces of Alda.

Like the experimental body of "Origin", I thought that if I use the magic as a hand piece, it would be a footage of the power of the war, but it was recalled "It's a thought that is not a waste". Just go back to Vanderou or go back to bed after being killed.

He didn’t realize the oddness of the wizard that occurred in his dungeon, because he did not know that the wizard that occurred in the dungeon is the same as the fl。 doll that was not in his soul.

"How many?" It is useful if you can use the candidates that Arda grows, Mao, Gotouda, and Orbaum's general as a piece.

In particular, if you can use a supervisor who does not know anything, Vandaloo will hesitate to kill.

Even if you do not know anything, it should be a little useful if the sixth road is aligned. However, it would be difficult for the meeting of the other day. If you work with Telcatanis, you will have to spend time and time for one or two of your troops. However, in terms of time and effort, there is no meaning to do because the成果s are not釣り.

Status System When I asked for the first time, I thought it would be “I thought, but if I don’t give it, I’m envy.”

In other words, the sixth road was facing the dungeon.

Nezmi, who entered the Royal Palace of Orbaum, collected information about the物dow, the back of the ceiling, and the floor.

』

"Gui-," "Gui-"

』

』

"Tu~Tu~"

“Vandaloo is great, don’t forget about any situation.”

"No, I had a little time, so I was just doing a striking thing."

The interior of the room with an extended royal palace distorted the space by the magic of Gwhadghan and became the front base of the Vandaloos that were infiltrated into the Royal Palace.

There was a nezmi-like embodiment, perhaps a nezmi-like embodiment, a nezmi daemon, a bone who was a nezmi, and a real nezmi was a nezmi.

Is it possible to hold the No. One Nezumi Contest?

In the head of the demons, there is a large single-lens and a tactile corner of the足, and there is a suction cup such as aエルog on the feet, and the yomotsushikome, which is one of the personalities of the Legion, is a problem that the muscle fiber is peeled off without the skin and there is no disguise from the bones. There is no mistake in the appearance.

Nezmi daemon is a small corner, and if the eyeball is red, you can see the appearance of Nezmi itself, and it is close to Nezmi.

"I'm Tadano Nezmi who is new friend for the first time."

。 Even if you have skin

“It’s regretful as a former mouse, but now let’s honor the winner.”

!」

When Nezmi Tadano is delighted, he rushes his head into the soup dish with the blood and meat of Vandalu, the winning product.   you’re a member of the same group, or a family member, you’ll be drinking blood that can be driven by multiple mouse and mouse.

It looks like you can see it. One participant is mixed, but no one cares about the fine process.

I’m looking for a six-way approach to Ulgen Telkatanis and perhaps操ing him behind, but I’m sure there’s a time to do this.

Vandaloo is now abducting humans who are likely to have information to collect strong information.

Instead of doing it, it is the eavesdrop of the small animals and the eavesdrop of each room of the Royal Palace, and the theft of documents by the Braga.

In addition, we are also asking for the subject. It is a kind specification that abducts people who have been disappointed before and after using drugs that do not have necessity, and asks them to release the original place before the effect of the drug can be solved.

That’s why there are too many people.

The Royal Palace is limited to the room, and it is suitable for eavesdropping. It is not meaningless to make multiple ミs in the same room, but it is just too much to place tens of them.

If you show your documents to Vandalou, you can remember them without a single character.

It is not a problem because it is done by the demons to write those documents.

It is a good condition because the doctor of the mental the eutic hospital who took time because the patient was no longer in various ways.

However, information collection is not good. It has already been obtained in a dozen units, whether it is an evidence of corruption and the darkness of the Orbaum Kingdom, which was buried in history. However, information such as theとの関係dow of Rokudo St., the relationship with the Terkatanis Dyna、, and the place where you are willing is not included at all.

“Where is the sixth road?”

"Terkatanis" [Witch King's Flaws] and [Bearings] were collected, but I got it easily. That’s it.

Izanami, one of the personalities of "legion" that looks like a Japanese doll with a straight cut of the bang, looks like a beautiful girl and a beautiful woman, or a subtle age, draws a small finger and throws away.



The thrown small finger changes to the ugly beast of the form, which is similar to the monkey of the large size of the Dobunezumi.

In the past, Izanami himself is an uncontrollable monster that was able to not attack themselves.

Of course, there is no need to be able to do intelligence activities.

“Next is me.” Well, let's手術."

However, Izanami turns into an exotic vibe of brown skin in an instant, and he tries to escape from the Iシス and catches the worms on his head.

!」

"Fuffy ... Yes, I'm done"

However, if you move the female several times and embed the small use witch King, you will immediately replace the Nordic woman, Walkeley.

“Oh, I’m a new戦!”

』

The worms remodeled by Iシス are warped in戦 with the walkyules. The same colored fur as the worms are 織 up in the same place as the other modified worms.

“Is it important to hear King and direct Tel Katanis?”

"If you do it, you will be able to do it quickly, but at the same time you will notice the sixth road. “I want to avoid it when I don’t have any information to him.”

It is black as a situation evidence though the six-way and the terkatanis are connected. I examined the document, but Urugen Terkatanis did not have any kind of research on [the missing of the King]. However, suddenly the predecessor collects the [Witch King's Flaws], and the other day, he presented the samurai to the aristocrat.

Of course, there are no artisans or alchemists who told him when he explains to Hadros. In addition to the house of the terkatanis family, we have already examined the value of ownership. There is no samurai in the house and the alchemist was not entering the Royal Palace.

In this way, Terkatanis can only be acting in the direction of it: it is combined with the presence of nobles, merchants, and other non-absorptions of criminal tissues and wicked deities that are already breathing。s.

If so, the existence is limited. "Horaijin" Alda, or Rodo Corte's back-up is Rodo St. If you are two, you can contact Terkatanis without leaving traces using a means called "Shinsei".

However, it seems that the line of Alda was thin enough to investigate. If you are Alda, it is not possible to propose to Telkatanis to be adopted as Camouflage according to Hadros, but in the army.

In addition, Terkatanis seems to be more pronounced, “This is God’s Will.” If you are planning a con  y, you will be asked not only to cooperate, but also to cooperate with the temple. Even if Alda has received some instructions, it is human to act over the earth than Alda is God.

That’s why Vandaloos thought that the potential of six routes was rich.

“Lord, if the sixth road is not reborn yet?”

“What’s it? That’s why you’re looking for it?

"Walkyle, voices are so surprised"

The sound in this room does not leak out because it blocks vibration with my magic. However, it is not good to loosen your mind too much."

“Well!? Don’t!”

"It's been used to shout with a small voice, but it's a walky. It should be a re。. The samurai of Terkatanis, the samurai of the King of the Devil, is he?

I see. However, if the guess is correct, it is said that Rokudo Sei is to make the material by using the [Witch King's Flaw] to the body.

What is the latter?

It is difficult to think that it can be the same as Vandalu, which is great to Vandalu. I think it is the latter.

If you donate to the body, you will gradually get conscious of the fragment. So, as long as the seal is maintained, it is not dangerous. The skeleton and guphadoghan were guessing.

“However, if the sixth-way is not controversial to the body, the seal of the [Wizard Flaws] of which the terkatanis should gather should be somewhere!”

In the words of Walkeley shouting so with a small voice, the king of use was nodded.

“I wonder whether the sixth-way is parasitic to the body. Perhaps there is still a hidden room, a spatial attribute, a new death attribute magic developed by the sixth-way, or a special space with someーs.

If you create a dungeon and physically block the entrance, you might be doing that.

“I see, I’m trying to change the mouse to align it.”

It is. Because wilderness may help

While talking about it, the ミs who satisfied their stomach with plenty of vandalous meat raised their face from the soup dish and screamed.

」

The size, the face, the color, the weight, and the appearance is nothing.

“The appearance is not changed, but it is a magic.”

“Regularly, the magic is bigger.” Small monsters are weak. A good and small monster, rare

Let's name it as an input mouse. Let's find the castle!

!」

Nezmis named Impmouse were scattered in the castle to find the six-way holy.

The next episode will be posted on October 25 and October 30.

My book edition 6 will be released on October 25! This time, too! It is a beautiful cover drawn by the teacher, so please take a look at the bookstore.