Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 65: System maintenance and management is done by bicycle

While ignoring the sound of the ringing sound, the work was progressing.

“I don’t want to cool or cool if I can’t hear Alda only if I have trouble.”

"I don't care about this sound, no matter how complicated it is. Just an error: I'm going to explain the sounds that humans get out when they are undeaded, daemon, and a new breed of Vida.

Lodcorte’s regeneration system continues to work without the direct movement of Lodcorte. However, if the problem occurs, it is necessary to add the hand depending on the degree, so three subturbations that were used by Rodo Corte do it.

If you are pregnant, Rodocolte, the position to supervise the system, is because it is unbehaviable by hitting a pile that can not be counted in the center of his God.

Alda’s “Pile of Law” is not just a pile. In the total amount of power as God, Lodcorte exceeded Alda, but because it was recognized as the God of the "Ramda" world, God of the Law of Alda became effective, it was impossible to escape.

There is no experience or dignity about combat in Rode Corte, even if the power of God is above. For example, even the world's largest wealthy   who boasts huge power and financial strength, it is not possible to win the Deathmatch on the ring. That’s it.

And, as long as Rod Corte is not known as the god of the “Ramda” world, Alda refused to hit himself.

Rod Corte was disappointed that God is angry, and the 怒ent being is forgotten.

Anyway, Rodo Corte is a state that can not speak or move even if it is conscious. It is absolutely impossible to use the power of God. ...... “The God of Sinners” Giarodipsu reflected the impossible, but it was possible because Giarodipsu was a great spirituality owner as a god who bears severe pain and long grace. It would be impossible to get the same thing as him.

“Alda is no longer in this area.” You can see your Gods with the missing pieces of the soul of the sealed Gudulanis. “I’m just using Lodo Corte”

In addition, Alda has put his own use in order to avoid Rodocolte. For this reason, Lodcorte can not see the actions of the Senda who is your use. On the contrary, you can not find the rodocollete. ......There is no reason to approach.

“The most alert of Alda is that we will try to help Rodo Corte. ......The use of sublimated by people is like that.

“When I was alive, I was the believer of God.” What is the difference between us?

Not the trustee of Rodo Corte. It seems that Alda cannot understand it. ......The action of Rodocolte using the presence that can not be a子 in the lion body is that it is only the opposite to Alda.

"For us, we can work without being monitored. But what is going on to leave the reincarnation system to us? If you are thinking about the future, you should learn the technology about the system from within now."

Lodcorte cannot be trusted. Alda lost herself in a、 and destroyed it with a pile. It is hard to think that even if you defeat Vanderou, you can leave the reincarnation system to Rodo Corte. And Izumidasan is the use of Lodo Corte. It is not a reliable existence for Alda.

And Alda is going to win the fight against Vandalu... Therefore, after the fight, it is necessary to continue to operate the Lodo Corte wheel regeneration system.

It is a malignant to deprive the vida and the majestic regeneration system. The VIDA system is dedicated to the magician who knows what the system is now. It may be difficult to change.

In addition, Lodcorte’s reincarnation system operates around the world other than the “Ramda” world. If you hinder it, the Gods of the different world will be attacked to release Lodcorte. I am not sure because I have lost my own world.

It is because there is no problem to operate the regeneration system. That’s why Gods from different worlds are not aware of the current situation of Rodocolte.

Even though the important role of reincarnation is dependent on Lodo Corte, you may think that there is no problem, but it is not possible because there is actually a problem until now.

Rodo Corte himself, where he had a distance with each world. In order to avoid obstructing the system maintenance and management of the system, which is affected by the myths of different worlds. Gods of different worlds are only respecting the intentions of Rodocorte. However, I can say that there is no human desire in Rodo Corte.

Finally, Alda needs to continue using the Lodo Corte wheel regeneration system. So, I had to grow a person who can take over the maintenance and management of the system from now on, but I thought that it is important to do nothing.

Are you going to pull out your own? You don’t know whether you can use other gods to your own. When I saw the spring, I guessed that I had a bitter smile.

"I think that it is impossible now to learn technology to other use and obedience gods from now"

What is impossible?

"If you are, I will explain what you are doing now to others."

That’s it. Now we have a reincarnation system■■■■■■――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――

As it was said to be subturbulence, I tried to explain the maintenance of the reincarnation system, but the language that the person cannot understand from the middle ... I thought. I was surprised, but I couldn’t say anything again.

Home Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. We are the use of Lodgorte, but it seems that we can not understand other people, God and use.

"For God and Mean?"

"I think it is possible to understand only the presence of God and its subordinates about the revitalization of the cyclone..." Previously, Rodo Corte asked Rodo Corte about the revitalization of the wheel, but when I heard the answer of Rodo Corte, the guardians who were in the place were not able to understand. The sixth road was understood and it was not changed even if it was repeatedly explained the same thing from the sixth road.

So, I can't understand that even if I hear a difficult story to a specialist, I think it's similar.

The gods of the world are not universal. We have various fields of expertise and play a role based on our expertise. That’s what you see.

"The God of Space and Creation" Zulwarn can not manage optical attributes. It is not possible to fight the fl。, but it is weaker than Zantak.

Botin, the Mother of Earth and Masters, can not manage the wind attributes. And there is no technical or knowledge about magecraft at all, but there is a difference between a magecraft and an apprenticeship compared to the time and the mage of art.

It is possible to learn as knowledge. However, it may not be possible to increase the technology to the stage called God’s business.

Even with humans, if you learn, it is not possible that everyone can do the same as the genius of the way, so even with Gods, it might be a difference because Gods are different.

“Now, I don’t want to do it.”

"Maybe, I'm going to solve it over a few hundred years. Myth can be rearranged except when there is no extra rush. It is possible that Alda and its subordinates become the “God of Rebirth” when many believers spread their anecdotes.

“It is the same that the existence that was God in the earth became devil in the later world, the god of fruit became the god of confectionery, and the later world changed.”

“I think it’s like that. “Alda is the god of light attributes, but we already have a god of life attributes, and we think that we can do the same for regeneration of the ring.”

Alda already manages life attributes that are not specialized in the game. It is because it was sublime as a “Horaijin” ... I have struggled even now over ten thousand years. If you reach out to the operation of the reincarnation system, Alda may make fatal mistakes by overwork now.

"So, I think that it is not going to create the obedience of the person in charge by God that is appropriate from the believer, or by the anecdote about the regeneration of the circle. If Alda is physical to the extent that we are going to.

I don’t have to take over to you.

I saw the gods of Lodgorte...and Zurwan, who is talking to the subturbation, is expected.

I see. What do you think of a der?

Now, the royal life of the royal sacrifice (?), and the royal sacrifice of the royal sacrifice of the royal sacrifice was still present in this area. Rokumichi St. is again defeated, and this time he has not been able to withstand the completely disappeared until the soul, and he has left the spring because he has no reaction to external stimulation.

“Well, it’s good to leave it as it’s? I want to help actively, but I don’t want to destroy it.”

I heard the story about the dars, but I thought that it was only important for Zurwan. If you’re a threat to Vandalou, you’ve had the option to bring your soul to the place where Vandalou can s  the soul, but that’s why.

In the Gods of Lodgorte, no longer because Alda brought back the soul of Gudulanis who he managed. So, even if the deer returned to us and decided to revenge the sixth-way sacrifice, there is no fear that the deception of the soul of Gudulanis and release it.

In the first place, even if he returns to me, he can not leave the God of Lodcorte with his own power. Even if possible, the ghost of the end of the Gods...It becomes a powerful presence that is not a ghost.

Even if you want to block the operation of the re生ing system by obstructing the subturbation, you can not win the subturbation which is your use only in human soul. It was not possible to say that depending on the cheat ability, but fortunately, [Kutujin] of the der is the ability to have no attack.

Alda also sees the thing of the Der as the revival of the varied six-way destination, so it is less likely to be used as a spy.

。 Let’s leave it!

。 That's it!

It is not the opponent who wants to actively help the dars of the泉er even for the turbulent and spring. There is a little resistance to insert him into Vandalou, but it is so much to say.

Even in Vandaloo, it will be troublesome even if you have been out of the current der. ...... Because he s es his soul to destroy dangerous objects and not to get skills.

“Is there any problem with the wheel reincarnation system? I want to avoid the other world gods attacked by the apostle party”

This alarm is a problem. It is because Vandalu leads a large amount of people in Orbaum and pulls out to the Vida-style wheel regeneration system.

But what do you do?

Vanderou can guide you to move your soul from the Lodo Corte regeneration system to the Vida regeneration system. Rodocolte’s reincarnation system has an error, but Rodocolte’s reincarnation system is excellent and there is no operation if there are some errors.

Before Vandalou existed, humans changed to a new type of Vida, such as vampire, to move to a Vida-style regeneration system. to deal with it.

However, it is not assumed to move hundreds of thousands of souls per day. For this reason, the hard mites were taken to the system.

However, it is a problem that you can do if you can take it.

Lodcorte’s regeneration system is not only human but also animals and plants. Using it, it is applied instead of the soul that was supposed to be a plant or世 in the next generation, which has moved to the Vida style.

There is no problem if the植物s and plants were less than tens of thousands of people in the world.

Even if the body without soul comes out and the spirit enters it, almost nothing can be done with。s and plants.

In the case of a plant, it is not possible to move, and the寿命s are in ctically moving物atures often have a short life span. You may try to make a malignant to make evil, but even if you have a will, you should not be able to easily become a mage. What can be done is around Vanderou.

By the way, the souls of the re屋ers who have not been set up in the world of "Ramda" are very serious problems when one of "five-colored blades" and the soul of Edgar is destroyed in Vanderou. However, it has already been addressed by subturbations that are familiar with the handling of the wheel regeneration system only one person.

“But I’m worried about how the Vida-type regeneration system is doing. Do you have hundreds of thousands of souls at a time?

“I don’t know it.” The reason why Vida created the system is that we sleep. However, the system of Vida should not be equipped with animals and plants, so there may be enough space for them.

There is a problem that it seems to be a malfunction in the Vida-type regeneration system, such as the low birth rate of Gour and the natural pregnancy of vampire. I'm getting up, but I don't know what kind of state I'm currently.

So Zurwan was abandoned to think about the problem.

It may be a problem, but it is impossible to lead others to Vanderou. 。

This time, I came to check it. If you want to force it, you need to break hundreds of bones.

If you break the bones of Zulwarn, the Rodo Corte wheel regeneration system explains the situation in a different world that manages the regeneration of the rings.

I would like you to be patient even if there is any inconvenience. I will go to the other party without a sense of the story.

There is a possibility of being attacked by the gods, and I do not want to do it if possible. However, I want to avoid the three巴s of Gods VS Alda VS Vandalou of the world.

If you only move to a Vida-style regeneration system, you can see what happens. Because there is time until the next generation, please continue to misunderstand while doing maintenance.

The answer to Zurwan’s question was that it could be a bicycle run.

“However, if Vandalou can destroy tens of people and hundreds of people at once, it may be a temporary system stop.”

“When you think from the past Vandalu’s speech, you will not be able to do that. The reincarnation will not reincarnate in the "Ramda" world anymore. But do you say it for me? ? I want to have a few people at a time when I 魂 my soul.

...... Contact Us

As Zurwan, we didn’t want to teach Vanderou as much as possible about the regeneration system. That’s why you can’t find a fight against Alda.

In addition, it was originally decided that humans had about Lodcorte’s regeneration system. It was one of the objectives of avoiding the presence of God without receiving the faith from others by preparing for the rebirth with his own will. However, even if it is not, it’s not true that I think that “any saint, or even a majestic person may have weeds and bugs.”

Of course, when revitalizing, people lose all of their memories, knowledge and technology. So the next generation is equal to a totally different existence. However, the fact that "the next generation may be weeds and bugs", is more likely to remain in people's consciousness.

The world after death, the heaven and the hell. If you do not sublimate to God with the faith of people or to the use of God who believes or to the Holy Spirit, you should keep ego after death.

If it spreads to humans, it would be very pleasant.

(But Vandalou is another god, and it is better to stop it?)

But Vandaloo was an exception, and Zulwarn went away from the gods of Lodcorte.

In addition, we were unable to use the reincarnation system for the trend of Alda believers because the subturbation had priority on maintenance.

There is no problem even if there is no information provided by the subturbation because there is a lot of expectation.

On the other hand, there is no room for subturbation to see Zulwan. That’s because it’s in the midst of bicycle operation as he said. Of course, the population of Orbaum is limited, so the number of people who are led to Vanderou in the day is gradually decreasing.

“When the treatment is done now, I will go to the preparation when the man of the Duchess of Jahan transfers to the Vida style. It is because the influence of the Alda believer is unknown by the power of live in three Canako singer conductors. What is Vandaloo?

“I’m the spirit that I’m drifting in other duches. We’re going to interact with the Duke, and at that time we’ll be fasc  by Vanderou... we don’t have a large war recently, and the number of spirits we’re saviouring is not so much.”

“...I don’t have to worry about how ordinary。s and plants are drastically reduced from “Ramda”.

But you need more preparation. We can only move while we cannot move. “I was really good”

Next story will be posted on March 20th.