Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 328: Friendship with a waistband and a contract with an honor student

"If I don't, I will fight with the teacher to start the front."

“If I don’t, I’m going to fight with the student to protect the audience.”

Alex, which is sandwiched between Vandalou and the backdrop of the zona, has noticed that he stepped on the tail of the  .

If you’re wondering, you’re not counting yourself in the fight.

Vandalu, who feels cold just by looking at the killer, was sandwiched with a dド drip that releases strong killing, and Alex and Towa were able to move evenly.

If you move down, you will be killed without any談. I understand. However, Alex didn’t find Vandalou, but also did not find the実s of his back dandruff.

You can see the status even if you try it. It was obviously Alex’s mistake, taking advantage of the coincidence that had received the same practical cooking practice, and using the large appraisal maze until the strategy was kneaded.

That’s because Alex was dependent on the unique skills of [the magus of the big appraisal] that he was born. However, the opinion may be different whether or not to be embarrassed.

There will be no one who feels uncomfortable to rely on the two legs that were born in order to walk two legs.

[Magic eye of the big appraisal] is also in his body as well as for Alex. There was no one who has seen the status in [Big Appraisal Maze] until now.

Even if the opponent is more clearly strong than himself, even if it is a magic that has a sharper sense than humans, and as a result, even if there is an overwhelming difference that the status can not be read by a mosaic, it was not found that the status is changed.

I had to focus on the opponents to move the maze of the big appraisal. To avoid troubles because it is misunderstood that it is also staring.

In addition, Alex himself is young in the first half of his teenager. The majority of adventurers of the ルドld have more power than each other for adventurers under the D class.

Therefore, I did not remember the sense of crisis to use the [Magic Eye of the Big Appraisal] to others.

There is no alex. He and Towa have not noticed that Gwhadghan has already solved the magic, and the physical restraint has been removed.

Even if two people can not move, they can stand still because they are super nervous.

Mr. Randolph, who stands for the two, had a bitter thought.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. I'm sorry.

Gaki... He prayed for Alex and Towa without seeing.

Not to say, but Vandalou is not a gaki for him. ......It seems to be a little before, but now it is different. “True” is something that makes Randolph aware of death.

(...I don’t feel killing.) However, if you are ready, you will die. It feels like seeing the ground from a high mountain cliff)

Mountains, cliffs and ground are just a substance. There is no killing. However, I remember the feeling of being stroked by the scym of the dead just by watching.

(And the other party is not only Vandaloo)

Randlph, an excellent spirit magician, can listen to the testimony. It is closer to the veteran山er to know the climate change and the signs of disaster from the mountain and forest.

Randolph, who noticed that the spirits are noisy at any time, was trying to drive to the original of the noisy by intuitively enlightening in emergencies. However, in the middle of that, I was blocked by the conjunction that seems to be by advanced spatial magecraft. Randalph knew that Vandalu should not be able to use spatial attribute magic.

(It should be thought that Vandalu was hiding the use of spatial attribute magecraft, but he is hidden somewhere.) In a few seconds, there is an arter who can make a strong connection.

No winnings. That’s why it’s not possible to miss Alex in the meantime. Stopped by Space Attribute Magician. Indeed, the zona who is hugged is weak.

If you aim for Zona, the meaning of Randolph fights will disappear.

Randolph is here because it is obliged to protect Alex and Towa because it is hired by Meolilis as a school teacher. However, it is the end of the book that tries to spur the zona of the same student and spur the gap of Vanderou.

And it seems that the winnings will increase when I did it. It's just a scarf. I didn’t want to do it.

On the other hand, Vandalou was confronted with Randolph and 静ed. I think there is no way to relax without killing Alex.

(When I was young, I thought it was convenient, I was surprised that I had the top skill of [Appraisal Magic Eye], but it was unpleasant to see the status.)

I thought that Alex has the ability to visualize the unique skills of something witching, not an aggressive thing, but the talents and elements of the target.

That’s why we didn’t think of Vandalou that we could not kill Alex, including seeing Paulina with a witch.

It is natural to get the information of the compet . If you have a valid skill, you will use it.

If it is caused by intelligence activities between the country, it will be a fight that includes killing. However, Vandaloo and Alex are competing in the school.

That's why I'm going to kill it.

However, if you think you might have seen all of your status, it’s different. The existence of the two names, jobs, and物 names, such as the King Daima, can not be developed into a large scandal if the information flows to any organization.

That’s why it’s not just about Vandaloo but also annoying Arkurem’s Duchess. It must be avoided.

However, I would like to avoid losing my environment if possible because it is fun to live in school now. I ran to the teacher. I thought that it was not just a person, but it is more than expected that it will break down the cohesion of Gphadoghan in an instant. I wonder if I was not an 冒険S class adventurer.

If you fight with full force, it seems that it is not a winner. If you use the power of the Legion in Guphadoghan or the world in the body, you will be sure to win.

However, there is a high possibility that other students will be able to see because of the attack that occurs in the process.

(I don’t have to fight Dr. Dandrip because of this)

So Zona, who is in the arm of Vandaloo, was conf。. If you were in  Vanderou, you suddenly embraced the princess, you could run on a horrible speed, and if you notice it, it is the current situation.

(I'm breathing! I'm dead!)

You can’t breathe yourself with the slaughter of Landorff. The zona’s vision is視rry and gradually distracted.

(Well? Can you see the river in the flower field? Well, many Vandalu started to go out from the river!?)

“... This is the first thing.”

Vandalu, who noticed that Zona is experiencing deadly death, mist ed her richness of death.

"Teacher and killer." She seems to suffer

“I understand it, but this situation?”

Vandaloo, who clearly ignores Alex and Towa that seems to be more bitter than Zona, said Randolph.

"If you save the killing, only the two lives will be guaranteed."

“I’m good.”

Randolph also said, he solved his position and suppressed the killing.

」

!」

“What’s it?”

The towa released from the tension sheds down while breathing, and Alex had somehow. Zona has come back from the dead experience, but it is the place to understand the situation.

"Alex, Towa". The zona is very good, and the zona is good. You are only guaranteed to live.

And Randolph did not optimise the situation by suppressing the killing. In fact, if Vandalou is the , it is going to be enclosed by the brainwashing with [精神ritual erosion] in Alex and Towa...

Alex couldn’t imagine it, but he felt nervousness in the words of Randolph and気ed.

"It's a question. Fushibei: Do you have friends other than party members?

As if you were waiting for it, Vandaloo started asking questions.

“Fushihei? No, it’s only a partymate.”

“Next, what kind of organization is there? Is there any relationship between the intelligence agencies and crime organizations other than the adventurer ルドld?”

"...? No, I'm not involved in the organization other than the adventurer ルドld."

"Is it hired by aristocratic, its family, and the temple officials?"

“I’m not hiring.” And I'm my friends.

In addition to Alex, where he started to see what he was suspected, Vandaloo was a little puzzled. It is not an organization but a request. However, did you see your status? It wasn’t known to Vanderou. He doesn’t know that Alex is dependent on the most appraisal maze.

I saw Alex's status, God's app   and skillless. So, I thought it was not the right candidate of God who supported Alda, but I asked for it.

“Is there anything that I have been entrusted to God?”

"I want to know, is it God's entrustment? No, I don't remember that."

Even if you don’t have a guardian, you can take care of God. I asked them, but it seems to be different.

“So, did you see my status?”

In the question, Alex is convinced that he was aware of it, and Randolph is an alex and Zona is looking at Vandaloo.

“What is the status?”

So, did you think that Vandalu has already known his identity? At the same time, it seems to be convinced that Vandalu has taken a sexually urgent and unpleasant behavior.

It is common to say that someone who knows the secret of the overwhelming power owner is aiming for life. This time, it was the status of Vandalu, not the past criminal history and the existence of a secret mist  or a hidden child.

I don’t know what secrets are hidden in Vandalu’s status, but I don’t want to think from the current Vanderu reaction. If Alex tries to run a subtle thing, kick the bone of the jaw and stop it.

“Is it true to see the status?”

"Eh, he has a unique skill called "the magical eye of the big appraisal". It will be the top skill of the appraisal maze.

“It’s the wizard that he could find a talented fellow at school.”

っ

On the other hand, the secret of Alex was revealed from the mouth of Vanderou. Randolph is nodded to do that.

Towa looks like Vandaloo, who speaks the secrets of the Lord, but Vandaloo doesn’t look at it.

」

However, the mouth opened because the zona was vivid.

"I just share the information I got with my friends." If there is a person who can see the status to the compet , it’s natural to be able to alert their ers? And that’s why you know your position?

"Oh, it's right!"

It can be said that it is only the care of death again from Vandaloo as it is bleeding. The only zona in the arm is to adjust the way of the appearance, etc.

Towa is blue, and his ears are pulled down without force, and Alex, who has noticed his attitude, is also unable to move before stopping her.

"I'm bad, but I can see it. The scaryness of the previous release is not yet pinned. I think that the killer of the above is left impressive."

I see. Home

Vandaloo looked at the surroundings. The rocks that have been ex ded from the wilderness have the size of the horse carriage of the two-headed to the three-headed, and the distance is about 30 meters away.

】

Vandaloo, who faced the rock, released his fingers towards the rock.

"What??"

In addition to Alex and Towa, Randolph was also ex。ded to the huge black sphere that occurred at that moment.

The huge magical bullet in the diameter of one meter is flying toward the rock as it is.

It is not the power of the first step magecraft, which did not chanting the spell without the magic medium. To do the same thing, Vandalou said to the alex that reflects how much magic you need if you were.

"Next, if you do anything other than answering the question, you will shoot the same magic. Even if you are lying or you are trying to answer, you can shoot even if you are illicit.

Did you understand?

"Yes"

ALEX, TOWA, and ZONA are aligned with the actual power difference.

“So, did you want to see my status?”

“It’s because I didn’t know it. I saw the status of Pauvina and your obedience. However, I didn’t see anything in my power now.

I thought that your status would be the same, but you didn’t have to try it because you were in Elizabeth’s party.

Alex was using a large appraisal maze from childhood. Therefore, the ability to read other people's ability to see the status was not growing at all.

Then, I got used to measuring the strength of the target by a clear standard.

So, if you want to know the power of Vandalou, you can not use the "magical eye of the big appraisal" and "It should be much stronger than the instructor because you can teach to the instructor," it was not able to bear with ambiguous。ulation.

"...I didn't see anything? Is it a big appraisal maze?"

However, Vandaloo was not the heart of Alex, but he said, “I didn’t see anything.”

"Oh, I can't see the status of the opponent who is too different from me."

“What is my status?”

"The mosaic was not readable. “I don’t know the number of skills and magical digits.”

“I see.”

Vandaloo almost unraveled the alarm against Alex. Apologies, but no results were found for the requested archive. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

And above all, the status of Vandaloos is too different from Alex, so it is impossible to see even the most appraisal maze.

It seems that the reason for brain remodeling has disappeared, as well as adding Alex.

“Is there no lie?”

By the way, it is not a vandaloo or a gufadghan that is lying in the words of Alex. It is a drawer of the 。。.

Before birth, he is a fighting crew, and his experience of infiltrating such as Chiplus and Aila is shallow, but he is not at all. From that experience, I learned the habits of human beings to lie, and I used it to distinguish the true impersonation of Alex’s words.

...... If you’re a partner, you’re tiplus, and then Kimberley, but they’re away from Vanderou because they’re escorted by Elizabeth and Matt.

In the first place, it is different to say that it was good to send a Dalok to the escort and leave the 衛 of Chiplus or Kimberley.

Dalok was anxious to make a single action because he sees the people of Vandalu and people other than the people of the Vidal Magic Empire.

“How do you do this with Vandalou? We will consider the treatment that cannot be resisted after taking the maze, and it is good to use it for crossing experiments with Undead while alive.”

"Daloke, is it going to kill with Dr. Dandrip?"

“When I get up to one of the worlds in the body, I think that I can’t notice anyone at the beginning of the school. I’m planning to listen to the whole of the school.

“...I need to listen to the耳 school?”

It is a faithful and interesting ghost, but it is not possible to take a look.

While talking with Dalok, Vandaloo decided to end this one.

“I understand that you couldn’t read my status.” However, you will see our status when you get the power in the future.

In order to prevent it, both eyes are subtracted. Therefore, it is easiest to kill all of the others.

Then, Alex and Towa made a sound from the face, and he felt blood. Randolph also chewed a bitter bug, and if you want, you will be able to enter it.

“But if you do it, you have to kill with Dr. Dandrip, and as a result, it is likely that my school life will end, so let’s make a contract.”

"Contract"

Home First of all, you can freely use your own will and responsibility as ever.

However, it is prohibited to tell other members of the party.   you are a parent, a brother, a lover, a client, an aristocratic or a merit

“Wow!? That’s...”

ALEX opens up the eyes as amazing. Vanderou reminded me and added.

It is not possible to solicit people who are sleeping talents without saying that they have seen it in the [Magic Eyes of the Large Appraisal] as before.

And if a person who can be separated from the party due to some circumstances, it will be necessary to protect this contract even after it is separated.

“No, it’s not...”

“Well, it’s good to do that? That’s why we’re going to do that far?”

Zona asked Vandalou to block the voice of the confusing Alex. As she said, Alex has never leaked the information that he saw in the [Magic Eye of the Big Appraisal].

The status information is not normally available. There are people who are deliberately revealing a part of the status to hustle and bustle of their power. As an exception, if the staff of the ルドld streamed the information, it will not happen to be remembered as a large historical incident.

When it comes to such a rare source of information, it will be realized that someone inside Alex is the owner of the [Magic Eye of the Grand Appraisal]. A powerful aristocratic or criminal organization will move out, enclose Alex, deprive it, or try to start before passing to another organization if neither is possible.

There is no power to protect yourself from the magical hands of such a powerman.

"Yes. However, it is normal to collect information about the competな, and if you find a less条件 condition, you will be揉 with Dr. Dandrip."

Vandaloo is also known, but it was a proposal on it. He believed that it is not necessary to kill when Alex is not the Gods of Alda and the hand of the organization somewhere.

In addition, Alex is unable to read the status of Vandaloos, so there is no weakness. On the other hand, Vandaloo grabs the weakness of Alex.

“However, if you leak the information, you will be revealed that you have a large appraisal maze.”

In a word, the face color of Alex, which had a blood feel back, became worse again.

“Alex is looking at the status of Vandalu Zakart and his colleagues and deceased, and knows the serious secrets.”

In addition, Vandalou continued to do so, the face of Alex became a natural color.

"... Well, it's a conscience drop. “I don’t have any freedom to work as an adventurer,” he says.

Then, I saw that Randolph moved from behind him to the side of Vandalu, and I realized that there was nothing more.

。を the conditions

If the confidentiality is broken, the risk has jumped to dozens more, but if you keep the secret, you can tell yourself that it is the same as before, and Alex will try to stop.

Robin explains and convinces me. Is it okay?

“If you don’t agree, please say it.”

“Be convinced! Be sure to be convinced!”

「...?  」

Vandaloo, who was going to be able to understand the differences of power by doing the same thing as Alex, such as showing off [Magic bullet] in front of me a little, was headed to the desperate appearance of Alex, but did not pursue it deeply.

“How can I ask questions?”

“If you notice that you are looking at my status, I have a maze to jump the effect of the maze. In addition to the confidentiality that is protected by the contract.

In addition, there may be various situations for contracts, so if you consult, there is a preparation corresponding to the actual situation.

By giving information on whether the 眼 [Magic Eyes of the Grand Appraisal] was destroyed, it recognizes that it is a person who has a certain degree of talk, and prevents Alex from becoming self-dis。sure. To respond to inquiries about contracts.

...... If you hear that you had to pass the information, you might not be able to respond as contracted.

“No, it’s not that. Is that zona good? She’s more connected with a noble than ours?”

"What!? Oh, you're too much!"

Zona, who has forgotten that he has been ordered from the house to get the information of Vandaloo, is swaying to the sharp point of Alex and screaming.

っ

And when Vandalou’s eyes were facing to him, he gave a scream that he pulled out in his arms.

Don’t panic. “I know that there is such a situation.”

“What do you do?”

“Elysabス is connected with this central aristocratic, and the seniors are from the central aristocratic family. “It will be unnatural if you are not instructed to collect information.”

Vandalu, who entered the party with misunderstandings of Elizabeth's speech, can see the relationship behind her. . . . . . . .

“What if you noticed?”

"It is a trivial thing even if the information is ordered from the house and the person is going to do it. It is difficult to contact others without having a lower heart at all."

Anyone has a subcenter.

It is fun to play together, so I have a lot of toys, so I want to be a friend because I can exercise because I am good. Do you think that the child is impurity and sad?

Because it is beautiful, it is a type of preference, so it is economically blessed, so I have a good feeling and interest in it because it is good at home. Do you have no love in love?

I can't say that. Of course, even if you claim that there is no friendship or affection that does not exist at all, it is not to be disappointed.

However, it is only recognized that it is.

And Vandaloo is also included in the usual ambitions of “I tried to find things about myself”.

“Of course, I didn’t think I’m a friend if I’m only a lower person, but ... Alex, Elizabeth and seniors are better than you think.”

I did not speak sentences to the special lesson (I had a lot of questions during the special lesson), and I joined the school as the same waist drawstring. At first, there was a lot of dangerous speech, but there was almost no such thing in the relationship.

The relationship with the Aisen that Vandalou has taken as a subtle is also good. The evidence is that they call Aizen’s things, not “objectives.” In unconsciousness, Vandaloo interprets the expression of being aware of Aisen as people.

“I didn’t think it was so enthusiasm to collect information.” I don’t want to enter my house, and I didn’t participate in the party of the Arkurem House, which opened about half a month ago.

"Yes, yeah, yeah. Comment

Zona was nodded to be too bad. It was scared at the beginning that Vandalou did not enter the house where the people live. And when I thought that it was not so scary, I devised the timing.

The zona and maskt weren’t the chance to attend the party. ...... Even if you get an invitation from Vanderou, they do not have dresses or suits that you can wear.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

The zona was shy to deduct such misunderstandings.

I don't know. Why do you take care of her?

However, it seemed that Alex could not understand why Vandaloo took on Zona and Elizabeth.

“Is it yours? If I hear it first?”

“Oh, I’m Paula who first tried to make a voice.” And, after I saw the status, I had to say nothing.

!」

Vandaloo continued to add to Alex, who gave a whistle to his point.

“I’m not sure if I want to like my friends who chose before.” I hope you will continue to improve your skills as an adventurer.

I’ll do it with someone who gave me my hands. I'm told you, but I'm nothing.

This was the idea of Vandaloo. Let’s hold your hand if someone help me and help me. On the other hand, if you want to hold your hands, continue to stretch your hands until you can hold them.

However, even if you are not involved in yourself, you need to be involved in it separately.

」

Vandaloo said, he walked to Alex.

Alex was still uncompromising, but it seems to be sturdy that the values of Vandalou differ from you. Never have I ever... talked about it.

“I didn’t get anything here and I didn’t hear anything.” That’s why we continue to practice. ...... I cut the ninth of the rest of the time, so I don’t delay it.”

And Randolph said to Alex and Towa followed by Vandaloo.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

In collaboration with Clover Lab Co., Ltd., the full-fledged song "Yuru Dorasir" and the Saga Forest starting from August 8th, Vandaloo will appear as a character! Please see Vandaloo moving with "Yuru Dorasir".