Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: 30 days ago

[Super power], [Super power], [Super power], [High speed], [High speed], [High speed], [High speed]

[S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-to-S、-To-S、-To-S、-to-S、-S、-To-S、-S、-to-S、-S、-S》-S》-To-S》-S》]

The special lessons of the Bokes by the Witch King demonstrated a great effect on Vanderou. Since the demons of Vandalou, their experience is reflected in the status as a Vandalou experience.

The fight against opponents with high level of skills that are not in the magic was also effective in Vanderou.

And above all, it has experience.

I thought that the skills of Bokes would not rise at the level of the job at first because it was a part of Vandaloo. Even if you defeated the King, it is because you have just destroyed some parts of Vandaloo.

However, when the王s defeated the demons actually used, they gained experience.

He said, “I don’t know what I’m familiar with, but I might write a few papers with that fact.”

He said that there were multiple preachs about experience in this world.

The theory of absorbing part of the energy of the fallen being.

The theory that God has earned his conduct and received his evaluation as an experience value.

Experiential value is not an external factor, but an internal factor ... The theory that the soul is trained by the behavior of the person, and the energy generated by it is called an experience value.

There are many other説, but this is the three. And many学者s and wisemen have been in、ring the first theory. The experience of non-combating jobs was cons、ed that there was a small amount of energy in the materials and materials, and it was absorbed.

I didn’t care about my experience except for、s and wise people. You can breathe without knowing what the components of the air are, and even if you do not know the structure of the heart and blood。, it is the same as the flatulence is en。d in the hands, and even if you do not know, the level rises.

I didn’t know that I thought deeply about Vandaloo. And it has not changed.

I understand that I can not explain in the previous school theory, but I do not have any被s.

“It’s a job change.”

Vandalou is surrounded by crystals.

Selectable Jobs [Creator] [Tartaros] [Arrow Soul] [Arrow Armor] [Arrow Armor] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow] [Arrow]

Actually, the job of [Faller] and [Mushinin] has reached a level of 100, and now it came to the job change because the level of [Tactile Curse] reached 100.

[Faller] was a job that compensates all martial arts skills. It was a job of the martial arts street that was excellent. ......Is there a skill correction in regard to poisoning the reason for “fall”?

[Mushinin] was a scouting job that makes it easier to handle蟲s as a clump. ......Unfortunately, Vandalou did not extend the scout technology, so the skill correction was subtle.

And [tactile curse] was a job to curse the subject touched by hand, tongue, nose,手。 and blood, and to plant seeds and bacteria.

It is a job that continuously damages enemies in combat, seeds in a wide range of fields, and helps grow your skin.

"The next job is ...... Select Nellal"

Nergal is the God of Mesopotamia Myths, and it is also the Sun God. However, it is not grace or warmth, it is sunshine and dead.

It is a good job for Vandaloo, a “tactile” that capitalizes Tarosム.

[Super Power], [Super Power], [Super Power], [Super Power], [Super Power Recovery Speed], [Life Power], [Capacity Enhancement], [Capacity Enhancement], [Capacity Enhancement: Faith] [Cane]] The level of skill increased!

[Self-reinforcement: killing business] was a】ned to [Super-reinforcement: killing business]!

・Name: Vandaloo Arc Hill Willowダ Zakart

・Type: Dumpire (Mother: Goddess)

Age: 13

・T】 name: 【Gour Emperor】 【T帝ure】 【Tマーure protector】 【Vida no Miko】 【T鱗ure】 【T】ure】 【T】ure】 【T】ure】 【T】ure】 【T】 Warrior】 【Invader】 【T】ure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure protector】 【Female liberator】 【Savior】 【T】ure】

・Job: Nellgar

・Level:0

ist ゾンビist ゾンビist ゾンビist 術ist

・Capacity

・Life force: 1,471,586+)82,951) (555,)UP!)

・Magic power:108,904,589,156+(108,904,589,156) (3,056,175,838UP!)

・Power :899,870+(224,967) (310,411UP!)

・Agility :771,890+(192,972) (295,058UP!)

・Facial power: 826,265+(206,566) (275,815UP!)

・Intellectual power 8585,618+(246,404) (327,936UP!)

・Passive skills

Super Power:8Lv(UP!)

Super Speed: 10Lv

Psychology:10Lv(UP!)

Invalid status

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Darkness



無

Guided by: Ay耶

Magic Power Super Recovery:8Lv(UP!)

Default:7Lv(UP!)

Toxin : Fang Nail Tongue: 5Lv (UP!)

Body Endless Stretch: Tongue

Un) Attack Force: Large (UP!)

Body ultra-reinforcement (Hair toenail):8Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Magic Power: 10Lv

Magic Power Recovery Speed Super Rise: 7Lv (UP!)

Attack power at the time of mage gun attack: small

Life Power: 6Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Subject: 8Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Vidal Magic Empire: 8Lv (UP!)

Self-Regeneration: Cousin:10Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Co-food: 10Lv (UP!)

Time-capacity value of soul docs: small (A ning from the time-capacity value of soul docs)

Survival: 1Lv (A ning from UP & killing!)

Super Reinforcement: killing: 1Lv (UP & self-reinforcement: A ning from killing!)

Cane equipped magical power increase (UP!)

Full capacity: Small (A)ning from all capacity enhancement!)

Ability Enhancement: Leading LvLv(UP!)

・アクティブe skills

Blood:10Lv(UP!)

Death: 4Lv(UP!)

Goム世: 6Lv (UP!)

Vanity Magic: 5Lv(UP!)

Magic precision control Lv(UP!)

神霊理 Lv

Alchemy: 6Lv(UP!)

Lv

Simultaneous multiplayer:10Lv

Monster:4Lv

Lv

Guntai:10Lv(UP!)

Superspeed thinking:10Lv

Lv(UP!)

Weight Loss術Lv(UP!)

Ghost: 4Lv

ScreamingLvLv(UP!)

Ghost Magic:8Lv

Lv(UP!)

Magic: 5Lv(UP!)

Deficiency: 8Lv (UP!)

Spirit:7Lv(UP!)

Lash: 6Lv(UP!)

Spiritual Change: Lightning

Cane:7Lv(UP!)

High Speed Flight: 5Lv(UP!)

5Lv(UP!)

Dance: 4Lv(UP!)

Muscles:8Lv(UP!)

Magic: 6Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

10Lv



Soul erosionLvLv

宮Lv(UP!)

大

Home



Soul Bakurai:10Lv

Vida's protection

God's protection of the earth

Home

Zantak's Protection

Home

Lv

Witch

God of Origin

ク

Zulwarn's protection

Full Recording

Soul limit: 8Lv

mutations



Home

Botin's protection

Pelia

World

Contact

Curse

No previous experience

Existing job failure

Inability to acquire self-power

Vandaloo, who checked the status, came out of the job change room.

“Well, is it going to move around Alda?”

“If the Amid Empire and the Orbaum Kingdom War is the beginning of the winter from spring to summer or autumn.”

When I thought that the voice of Sam was sounded in the ship, Sarria and Lita came out from the left and right of Vandaloo and took over the story.

The Amid Empire and the Orbaum Kingdom have repeated wars since the land, but the two countries were bordered only in the north of the continent of the Milg shield and the Duchess of Saulon. It seems that the sea war has been tried in the past ...

“Either navy is going to be a monster before encountering the enemy army, and it has been a result of a three-minute ship that survived to escape.”

... ...I have a peninsula in the southern part of the continent, which faces the sea, between the Calahad and the Duchess of Fazon.

The   and east of the Baangaia continent are bound by the sea, with complex ocean streams and rocky reefs, and powerful magic such as Kraken.

There is also a safe route bypassing largely, but it takes more than two months, so it is impossible to maintain the condition that the shipbuilding technology and navigation in this world can be very wary. If the soldier is not all aboard the past war, it is not kept morale.

And there is no reason to permanently set up a large Navy because the enemy of the sea is only pirate or magic, both the Amid and Orbaum. That’s why we don’t have experienced mariners.

However, there was a person who tried to send the army from the sea in the past, but both of them lost their responsibility for failure.

The season of war is limited except the sea war. From spring to summer, it is often a big war. It’s cold, so it’s the north, so it’s not so hot in summer, so you’ll be able to save your food without sunshine.”

It seems that it will be a small competition or short-term battle from autumn to winter. The Milg shield country and the borderline of the Duchess of Saulon do not have enough snow in winter, but it is not possible to withstand the soldiers because it is amazing.

Even in this world where there are resistant skills and magic items, it is impossible to avoid climate and seasonal effects.

Of course, there are a few 鋭s that can withstand the cold, and the strategy to attack the enemy country is executed, but it is often prevented by the sharpness of the pickup side.

“I see... I know it well with two people.”

"I heard from Mr. Lucia!

"I also taught me from Chezare! "

"I think it will be an opportunity to talk with Bo-chan!"

Sarlia and Lita say pose on both sides. She was a 教育 to serve a small aristocratic family that cures the region, but she was not receiving advanced education before her life. So it seems that I learned after being undeaded.

"I did my best, both of them. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

“Bang-chan moved a part of the boundary and lost the border between the Milg shield and the Duchess of Saulon.”

As Vandalou, I didn’t want to attack the Amidst the Holy Land to the Duchess of Saulon, which Elizabeth cured, so it was a natural action, but as a result, it was difficult to war in the land.

“Oh, the Amid Empire... It’s not a big problem for Alda, even if it’s a holy country. For those who conquer the kingdom of Orbaum, it is a war that is not meaningless if you do not defeat me."

Even if you conquer all the duches of the Orbaum Kingdom, Vidal Magic Empire is not meaningful. And even if you can destroy the Vidal Magic Empire, there is no meaning if you defeat Vanderou.

On the other hand, if Vandalou is defeated, Alda forces will be considered victory even if the Amidst the Holy Kingdom is destroyed.

However, if Vandalou survives alone, he must defeat him because he can immediately rebuild the army of the undead and the empire even if the country is destroyed.

"But if you are only defeated by one bo-chan, we don't know what to do too much hate."

“I might forget my slaughter to a non-combatant who doesn’t do it.”

“I don’t have confidence that I can control myself while embarrassing.”

However, if his companion is healthy even if he was defeated only Vandaloo, he was only performing disorderly slaughter that he had stopped.

Only undead colleagues will be crazy because of their grief, but if he is, Sam will only fall in the fort and city while running a sub-space at high speed. However, if the Bokes, Kunohchen, and Quattro have lost us, it will not take so long until the Amid Sacred Land becomes wilderness.

By the way, Gwhadghan, who is also known as Vandaloo, was not added to the topic. If you are thinking about Vandalou, you are convinced that you should be defeated before.

“However, the war with the Amid Holy Land is key to whether you can defeat Heinz and Bellwood. On the other hand, even if you can kill all things other than honeys and bellwood, it can not be said to win.

Heinz is definitely the biggest force of Alda. Even the other candidates and the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude.

And even if he defeated the honey, Vandaloo is very pleased that he is the mother's neglect and his slaughter is the essential condition of his pursuit of happiness.

“I don’t see humans, but there’s a few chances. In addition, it may come to attack alone with dissipation"

That’s Vandaloo, but he doesn’t know what kind of mental state he is now. If you know, you will be determined that you will not be able to compete with dissipation.

"Alda power is wary of me being attacked, but I am warned that the Heinz is attacked in a place where I can not go immediately.

However, you shouldn’t want to go beyond the time if you stop by.

It has already passed the middle of autumn, and the beginning of winter has been seen. The war begins next spring.

"Let's attack in winter." We will broil the wings and defeat them.

I'm talking about the chessares.

"I'm so busy this winter!"

"It's a chance to get a colleague! Bo-chan, let's increase the living bikini and living high leg armor when the war is over!"

"Rita, after ranking it, do not stop because the person who becomes a man in the spiritual body will continue and become a hell picture?"

“Let’s interview with you in advance.”

When Vandalou decided to do a deter  in the winter of this year, he had already given a deter  from Alda.

“There was a deity to command the Holy War from God.” The beginning of the Holy War!

In a sense, as the wishes of Vanderou, the battle seems to begin with the composition of his own.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.