Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 370: Self-proclaimed human

Shrink the muscles to the limit, adjust the internal position, and shrink the gap between bones and bones. Then, make wrinkles and sa。 with the excess skin and disguise the old man.

Schneダー solved the disguise that he had done in such a procedure, and then repeated stretching after he had always had a youthful look.

"It's a long time, it's a variant of [mus術 art]. The shoulders and hips are 装gged while they are disguised. The physique was not changed after all.

Well, I remember it like this."

“I think it’s pretty much just by changing the physique even though it’s not a vampire. In my case, I also use the original vampire regeneration ability.

[mus術 art]筋肉 muscles to攻撃e, defend, power generation, etc. Schneダー thought it was a unique skill of Zolkodrio that was the original vampire.

Sod also thought that it was impossible to convey [mus術 art] to others. I tried a few people who showed interest in humans as well as the original vampire other than him, but no one was able to learn.

However, when he got his disciples, Vandaloo, Legion, and Yuma, he got his [mus術 art] skills, Schne、 said, “You might be able to learn yourself.”

However, Schne  expects [mus術 art] to振動e the muscles of the whole body at high speed and release the electric shock and stretch the muscles to create shock waves and stretch the手を。. It is used as a disguise, as Zod is usually doing.

The appearance of the zod headphones is two meters tall and the neck that is protected from the left and right with the developed muscles of both shoulders is even thicker. The壁mb is not in the body of the woman, and the thick chest plate and the cracked abdo  muscle are exactly the iron wall.

In addition, the density of the muscle is higher than human species, elves, and dwarves. He is fighting with strength alone, because other original Vampire performs skillful martial arts and magic. In the performance of muscles, please be sure that the Schne  is not enemy.

However, the zod usually contracts its muscles and transforms them into a splendid man. The neck is slim, and the肢mb seems to be a needle metal compared to him of the首mb. The fu age looks slim and easy to fold. Because it changes from the original vampire to the vampire of the Fukabuhara type, the skin becomes whiter, so if the person who does not know anything is dark and encountered with him, it may differ from the ghost.

If you can change so quickly without using makeup or other道具s. I thought.

And Zod praises the genius and efforts of Schne、 that realized the idea, but he remains a bitter face.

There are many parts that are mis。ing by clothes. It is difficult to move because it is not able to shrink the gap of the bone well. Therefore, I feel that the habit of everyday movement is also easy to hide, and it became difficult to see"

“I think it’s a “older” that the old people of the world feel quietly.”

“I think the Schne、 who doesn’t feel it from usual should recognize that he is not a old man.”

"Schne、, I feel that even young people who are older than age."

As we continue to do great things such as defeating  s, if you notice, the hair is white, but the body is no longer old as the two teens, the real age of six teens "self-named old man", and the companions who tamper the Schne  just here.

However, Schneダー has not continued to “self-proclaimed old man” to Date.

“It’s not, I’m just able to maintain a youthful healthy body because I’ve been conserved with health care every day!”

I don’t believe that I’m young is the result of healthy eating habits that I’ve been doing since I was.

When I was young, I drank sake, and my husband was meat, and I was not uncommon that I continued to fight for more than three敵 with my enemies, but I became aware of health while I age.

I stop drinking and taste tea, eat meat, but I have a good balance of eating vegetables more than that, and I spend my day to sleep early. When the mouth is distracted, the stress is eliminated.

“I said that I would collect information in the sake field, but did not drink alcohol?”

"Drinking, but I disassembled alcohol with a magic item that I put in my mouth, so it's nocan!"

It is possible that the magic item can be used to maintain it.

However, it is not only a healthy diet that maintains the appearance and skin of the 20s without sticking to beauty. It is abnormal that the position of the internal organ and the gap of the bone can be adjusted only by the force of the muscle.

The two names of "self-professional" refer to how they evaluate him.

"Schneダー, I will continue to do it forever, from the self-proclaimer to the self-proclaimer." I'm not sure what I'm doing.

So it was a feeling of the city? The adventurer 察いd who was 察いed, and the serene birds were ringing.

Dolton, who concealed the ears and transformed from Chaos elf to a big man of Mohican, can see his adventurer ルドld.

In the early adventurer of the Duchess of Farzon, there were almost no requests that were filled with the board.

The candidates who have come from all over the world to the Duchess of Fゾン, and the believers of the gods belonging to the Alda forces of each temple. They’re達成ing or working for free.

Ex-Adventurous candidates are asked to earn the necessary funds in the Duke of Fゾン. It is better than D-class and C-class adventurers who are originally active in the Duchess of Fazon, because they have been protected from Gods.

And the priests and the priests who came out from the temple they are working, and the priests do the chorus activities for the temples of the Duchess of Fasson, who were 身 down. I believe that it is to follow God’s will, which is to solidify your position and to go to this land.

For this reason, not only do Tsuji theory, but also do medical practice for people, and the maintenance of streets.

Therefore, the adventurous under the E class will no longer work for hiring employees or cleaning employees, and the adventurous who is higher than the D class appeared in a group, and the request is strong.

For this reason, the adventurers who originally belonged to the ゾンlds of the Duke of Fazon are divided into three. A handful of B-class adventurers struggle with potential candidates, and many C-class adventurers don’t receive a request to defeat the monsters and buy and sell the materials of the proving site, and those who don’t have the ability to do that are placed in small towns and villages with few adventurers.

“I was misunderstanding that I was a new face that appeared in the ルドld as a candidate, and I was entangled with local adventurers. I talked with a fist lightly, and I swelled with sake and rice, so I was helpful.

“So, it seems that the adventurer ルドlds are frustrated.”

"Zod, it's un見onable. The adventurer is troubled with the food of the rice, but the ルドld itself should not be frustrated."

The adventurer ルドld is also working to support the union members of the adventurer, but the candidates for the game are also adventurers. I don’t want to be a local adventurer. In addition, it is important for ルドlds to solve the request one after another.

In addition, it is also popular to buy and sell materials because D-class and C-class adventurers who give up the request.

The new adventurers of the E-class who eat the discount will help the local ルドld solve the lack of manpower by moving to small towns and villages with few adventurers.

Sod, who has not experienced undergraduation because he became an adventurer and entered the storm of 虐ence for several years, has not had a perspective from such a ルドld side, so he was imp。ed.

“I see, I’m doing it well.” Even if a person 冒険s an adventurer in this case, is it okay because it is an extinction work by death or injury originally?

"Oh, it's a tough business." Well, there may be some complaints to the temple, but it’s not so serious and frustrated.  ld

"ギld is basically no touch for the temple. It’s a good thing.

As the adventurer’s long Druton and Schneダー said, the adventurer’s ルドld basically does not interfere with the temple, or religion, at least in front of the building. It is because the founder, Farmown, stipulated that it is free if it is recognized by national law.

I want to shake the sword, put the shield, and chanting magic. If it is by friends, they do not have to pray to any God.

However, this rule was conceived by Vida and Arda’s battles for several to decades after Alda’s victory, and the presence of God and the believers of the Vida family was not considered because the human society was not believed except the gods that are regarded as Alda’s forces.

After all, there are few things that are not protected by 支ld’s branch manager because it is before the building. In the first place, the adventurous of the Vida believer is not allowed in the Amid Empire because it is condition that it is recognized by the laws of the country. On the other hand, in the Kingdom of Orbaum, Vida, Alda, and any God’s believers are const ted.

Because it is such an organization, there is no relationship with a certain temple or more than necessary. It is always necessary to avoid kneading.

“Now, if you are an adventurer ルドld, do you ignore it?”

“Oh, I think it’s good.” What are the temples? Did you remember the dissatisfaction of the Alda power and have no obligation that would be turned to the Vida?

“Oh, there seems to be almost no among the subordinates that are believed in the Duchess of Fasson.”

Dolton’s answer to the question is Resana who was responsible for temple related information. She is elph at first g。, but the former world is also the “The Evil of Frogation” of the former Mausoleum, who has turned to the Vida family.

If there is a God who wants to change the sect to the Vida side, and if she was looking for the opportunity, she realized that she is in my temple and thought that she would come to contact.

On the other hand, there is a possibility that the obedience of the Alda force detects the existence of the reshana, but there is no amount of the believer Modoki who dedicates the prayer of just the shape. He said that there shouldn’t be a God who notices her identity that is mixed in it, Guphadoghan, Vandalou’s “The Worship God” was.

“Well, it’s limited to the temple in this town. Going to the temple of God, which is only believed in the region, is too conspicuous.

“It’s a place where people don’t come from other places, and no matter how they change, they can stand out. So how was the temple of this town?

"What is it, I was alive in a subtle sense. The feeling that I saw is normal, but it was an atmosphere similar to the fort of the warrior at night before the opening. It was only the people of the temple warrior, the priest, and a certain position.

Other ordinary believers have recently remembered the discomfort that the great people are gathering from the other Duchess, but it seems that they are not thinking too deep.

Lisaana noticed that the warriors who had been fighting against the Mao army for more than ten thousand years, and the beliefs that were集 from the gods of the Alda forces, were similar.

It is stimulating the sense of mission and superiority to meet the will of God who believes. People who do not know the situation, but I remember the sense of discomfort.

However, it seems that there are few people who do not usually think about politics.

“If the chief priest and the priest of the temple were on the other hand, I might remember the sense of crisis that something is not good will happen.”

“How did the resurrection of Gudulanis and Vandalu defeated it? It was known to the same extent as other Duchess in the city?”

“Oh, there is the Vida Temple and the Peria Temple in this Duke.”

Vandalou’s績s should be unsuitable for the Duchess of Fゾン, but the information control seems impossible. The parish faced by the sea is the Peria and its obligatory temples, and there are a few Vida temples. The priests who received the delegation to serve the temple will send information to the believers.

In addition, the information comes from the other Duke. The revival and defeat of the Magnolia Gudulanis is a big news that it will be held in the capital of your country. There is no one who is not a topic.

“The temple of Peria and Vida is now being monitored. "It's like a few people in the table"

。 So, do you know about aristocratic?

“Yes, I’ve been in contact with the officials of the Duchess of Alcム and the Duchess of Jahan.”

Each of the Orbaum’s royal kingdoms is cooperated for the Amid empire as well as political enemies. Therefore, it was always necessary to dispatch humans of the intelligence agency to other Duke.

However, now, the Duchess of Fazon has become difficult to move. That’s why Merdin received information.

"According to that, the Duchess of Fゾン seems to be unfamiliar with something else."

“You shouldn’t speak, do you have a government office?”

“I’m looking at the information, and I’m saying Alda, Berwood, and Heinz on the same face as the Undead, whose name is Vandalou.”

"Wow, I can't speak"

If you are a puppet of the aristocrat of the Alda believer, Dolton, who had such a hopeful observation, changed the topic by listening to the answer of Merdin.

"How about the lady of the dumpire?"

"It seems to be treated as a saint woman." I think I’m going to compete with Dalcia. I don’t have any information until this person knows about it.

Seleツ, a dumpire, is a symbol of the life of the alda fusion for the Duchess of Fazon, who became a enthusiastic Heinz supporter. As a saint, I’m trying to fight Dalcia, the incarnation of Vida.

It seems that it is not very successful.

“Oh... I think that it is normal, but no one can get it.”

Schneダー 情pathizes with the sele , which was played as a saint for adults, but it was hesitant to abduct her.

Sele。 doesn’t want to get rich in Schneダー who is familiar with the enemy of Heinz. Heinz is going to be human, and Vandalu says, “Go back to the original place.”

"I'll be glad to the Vanderou Hall"

However, Zod had a different idea from Schne、.

"And if you picked up, you will be forced to take care of the first time"

“What’s it?”

However, the content was worse than Schne、's forecast.

“Yes, I will say that. Sele  is a child’s parent? If you’re a Schneダー, you’ll survive longer.”

“Oh, you can see it until the end of the year.”

"I'm sorry." It is not that the Duchess of Fazon has been warned against other Duchess and the Vidal Magic Empire. If you get the important person without any circumstances that you can be convinced, you may be asked in the Kingdom of choice.

If I want to do things, it is okay to become a prize neck, but it is not doing tea to become a prize neck."

Schneダー doesn’t hesitate to kill the aristocratic who doesn’t like in the daytime, but he doesn’t have a devastating desire. I think of him.

“Is it going to go back to Vandalu and return to the Amid Empire?” You need to find out if there is no movement in the Alda Temple.

By the way, does Vandalou still have a family service?

“Eh, you should meet with a daughter named Ar付け in the Magic Continent.”

“Now, I don’t want to pass it to the demons.”

“It’s easy if you take it to collect information.”

“I don’t know how to make it.” You can see it, hear it, and lead it by accident. So I can't go to the place.

"The 士ding person is inconvenient when it is like this."

“No, I think it’s like a child.” “It’s no differentい.”

While talking, Schne、 began to prepare for withdrawal. And the fact that the intelligence agency of the Duchess of Fゾン noticed their traces was three days after they were withdrawn.

"I won two names of the self-proclaimed humans!"

I took the rival.

They were not uncommon and they were used to themselves. The Lord who is dedicated to everything is great. There are many rivals on both hands and legs. There are two pillars of children.

However, the other party who took this post was familiar to her. It’s an unfamiliar coworker for one person, and it’s a former enemy that killed one another.

I often act like a trio on this page, but I didn’t like it.

They chose to catch up with the rivals, but they asked for advice on a strong combat training and other rivals.

Then, I came to Vandalu to go to the magical continent, and I had a special lesson.

“Oh, I think it’s strong enough to see two people from me.” I don’t think there’s something in particular. The techniques of dance are taught by Kanako much better."

The predecessorディアdia, who gave advice to the two, said that they had a bow that had no opportunity to shoot.

“I know it! I’m now ranked like you!”

"But it is not a queen after all. Our goal is not yet achieved.”

However, I didn’t agree with Eleonola and Belmond, who asked for advice.

"No, I think I can fight more than other angles. Did you learn dancing and singing?

“So we want to catch up with Aila, but we want to catch up with the name of the no-life queen like Van!

Then, why do you sing and dance?

“Dance is a martial art, and the song goes through art.” Canako is doing it? If you want to do something that has never been done before, I thought it might be a shortcut to do something that has never been done before. However, I don’t know how to do it because of this.

クイーンdia, who has become a “ en” family, said that Eleonola and Bermond, unfortunately dropped the shoulder.

There were three people in Vandaloo.

“My brother, my sister, my father is no longer moving.”

“The Giant of the Moon” The daughter of Vandalou, who was born earlier than expected, and he was forced to move while he was held in the hand of Ar。.

"How did you sleep?"

"How do you do it? I'm worried about Ar ? “It’s not that you said that even if you’re a little 暴ent.”

He climbed the arms of Aradia and swayed the head of Vandalou, but he fell down with a shock that won the two names "self-named human".

In addition, there seems to be no interference especially because the use magic king continued to work silently.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Eleonola

・Age: 16 years old

・Twin name:【Tadai no Tada dog】

・Ranking:14

- Species: Vampire Princess Her Knight

・Level:5

・Job: Ballet Knight

Job Level:30

・Job history: slave user apprentice wizard apprentice wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard

・Passive skills

Darkness

Super Reinforcement: 5Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Ultra-speed playback: 1Lv

State failure resistance: 10Lv(UP!)

Intuition:7Lv

Psycho LvLv

A ning & UP!

8Lv(UP!)

Sunlight Resistance: 5Lv

Color Inc): 6Lv(UP!)

Magic Power: 6Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 5Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Transformation Lv(UP!)

Armor Force Enhancement: Large (UP!)

・アクティブe skills

Mining:1Lv

Blood: 7Lv(UP!)

Time Cowgirl: 1Lv

Life Attribute Magic:10Lv(UP!)

Unattribute Magic: 5Lv

Magic Control:8Lv(UP!)

Survival Swords Lv

Fighters Lv(UP!)

Brutal Foot: 5Lv

Stealing:1Lv

Housekeeping:4Lv

Lv(UP!)

Armour: 8Lv

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (A ning from the limit break!)

Fantasy: 6Lv(UP!)

Magic:7Lv(UP!)

Magic Sword Limit: 7Lv (UP!)

High Speed Flight)Lv(UP!)

6Lv(UP!)

Lv(NEW!)

1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Fascinating Maze:10Lv(UP!)

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection

Rexus's Protection (NEW!)

・Name: Belmond

・Age: Around 10,000 years old

・Twin name:【Tadai no Tada dog】

・Ranking:14

- Species: Vampire Emperor Herbatler

・Level:0

・Job: Dancing Assassin

Job Level: 97

・Job history:Ka  apprentices apprentices 賊efs 賊efs assassin useers stringmasters 獣ist warrior magecraft criminals ノイist ノイist ノイist master ノイist 賊ist 身ist ノイist

・Passive skills

Darkness

Stiffness:1Lv

High speed playback:10Lv

Conditional Aberration ResistanceLvLv

Super Reinforcement: 5Lv(UP!)

Magic Power Super Recovery: Damage: 5Lv (UP!)

Attention:10Lv

Intuition: 6Lv

Mental Pol : 7Lv

Body Reinforcement: Ass TailLvLv(UP!)

Thread Attack Force Enhancement: Medium (UP!)

Magic PowerLvLvLv(UP!)

Self Reinforcement: Lead: 7Lv

Self-reinforcement: Transformation Lv(UP!)

Armor Force Enhancement: Large (UP!)

Color Inc) Lv(UP!)

・アクティブe skills

術Lv

Throwing: 6Lv

Shorts Lv

Blood: 7Lv(UP!)

Wind Attribute Magic: 5Lv

術Lv

Magic control:6Lv(UP!)

High Speed Flight:6Lv(UP!)

Exciting: 1Lv (A ning from Ninja Foot!)

Trap:7Lv

Dismantling: 4Lv

Limit transverse: 5Lv (UP!)

Housework:10Lv

幻Lv(UP!)

Fighters Lv(UP!)

Assassin: 6Lv

Magic: 6Lv

5Lv

Lv(NEW!)

1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Home

Stone Maze:7Lv(UP!)

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection

Name: Busdia

Age: 27 years old

Two Names: [T】 Titan] [Transformation Axe]

:14

Species: Gur Amasones True Night Empress

Level:86

Job:Axle

Job Level:58

Job history:Apprentice Warrior Apprentice Magician Magician Magician Magician Wind Attribute Magician Magician Magic Axe Blade Demon Queen Magical Empress Magical Axe Axy

Passive s

Darkness

Lv(UP!)

Pain Resistance:8Lv(UP!)

Par  poison   (nail): 7Lv (UP!)

Magic Resistance:8Lv

Intuition: 6Lv

Axe Attack Force Enhancement: Small (Axe Attack Force Enhancement)

Mental Resistance: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic Power: 5Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 8Lv (UP!)

Lv8(UP!)

Color Inc): 6Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Moonlight: 7Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lv(NEW!)

Active s

Lv(UP!)

Queen shield: 1Lv

Bowcraft:10Lv(UP!)

Throwing Lv(UP!)

Ninja Feet: 5Lv (UP!)

10Lv

Unattribute Magic:6Lv(UP!)

Wind Attribute Magic:10Lv(UP!)

Water Attribute Magic:10Lv(UP!)

Magic Control Lv(UP!)

Cuisine: 4Lv(UP!)

Magic Axe: 4Lv (UP!)

Armorship:8Lv(UP!)

Magic:7Lv(UP!)

Dismantling Lv

Conductor:6Lv(UP!)

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (A ning from the limit break!)

Fighter: 7Lv (UP!)

Singing: 4Lv(UP!)

Dance: 4Lv(UP!)

4Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

ZOZOGANTE

Garrett

Vanderou's protection

Diana's protection

Vida's protection

Next story will be posted on May 21st.