Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 378: The Dukes Stepping on Paintings and Graduation from Fundamentalism

More than六 bones, tendons, cartilage, nerves, blood。, muscles, fat, brain, eyeballs, nose, ears, lips, heart, lungs, stomach, liver, kidneys, panc。, small intestines, ovaries, uterus......

It is not easy to use the power of [metamorph] to make all the necessary parts at once.

It’s physically unreliable, you need a large amount of rition continuously, and you need to keep eating.

It is only about two thirds.

"It was my first attempt, so I decided to continue if I would be good with this, but I'm sorry for the other time."

So, after the back of the mari that exhales the sound, two unhealthy blue white skin arms stretched and hug her.

“Thank you so much... I don’t forget this benefit.”

It was a woman who seemed more than a few years than she was watching the girl in the middle of the teen. A woman with a blue-white skin that stretches loose and s rated hair. The eye, nose, and lips of one side seen from the hair are beautiful.

However, the瞳、ed mouth, the dark andったid atmosphere, and the eyes have decided her impression. As I simmered in something dark, there is no hidden light.

For this reason, the person who saw a woman will have an impression like a poisonous flower rather than a blade of the blemish.

And the one who saw her from behind will be convinced that his sensitivity was correct without knowing anything. If you are pregnant, there was no lower body in the woman wearing it from behind. The upper part of the woman's waist was born in the back of Mari!

"Yes, I'm doing it because I promised to have another God's patronage, even if I got the patronage." I have already paid in advance.

I don't care about it.

However, the woman’s identity was not a horrible suspicion, but the goddess of rain clouds. The upper part of the waist was created from the back of the mari because the body was created by the [metamorph] of the mari.

Bashas is a beautiful goddess. It is a good god born from the sublimation of the soul after the death of a woman who left his績 by anticipating the weather. In modern times, the goddess are compassionate, because they are only believed in part of the Duchess of Alcrem, and the goddess who can reward the 兆gues caused by heavy rain.

“Is it better to call God God?”

“It’s good to call it out.” I'm not a friend

“Oh? No, I’m talking with you...?”

I remember that even my sister whose blood and meat were divided. When I was a human, I didn’t have a few friends, so I wanted to be a true friend or a friend.”

However, it is not contradictive that she is a compassionate goddess and that she is the owner of Yabai character, which is said to be a landmine or heavy in modern Japan.

“No, I’m confな even if I suddenly say something like that of the Artな?”

Marri remembered that the strong but pure adolescents, Artサー, who chose Bashas as a candidate, was the owner of the personality that the favor of the person is ranked up as soon as the sister and the child became familiar.

If the Artサー believed that there was a similar part to herself, but it was a misunderstanding of Mari.

"Yes, I'm so happy. I'm  ry, first of all, I'm a friend and start to know each other well!

......But you trust me very much, and I trust you as much as possible. I think this is more than a friend."

I was blessed with talent among the few believers, and I was a pure adolescent, and I had a chas  that had a similar part to myself.

If you think about it, you will not be able to feel the character of God to Art  who was a strong猟.

If you listen to this bachelor's behavior, you may think that Goddess should be such a character.

I thought that Mari is a moment. However, she is a guardian of a young woman who loves mother, and she remembers the things of a boy who is devoted to God, and immediately reconstructs the idea.

(In addition, if it is similar to the Art。, it is invisible so that there is real harm. The goddess, and the things that they say ... Well, Goddess)

Mari doesn’t have much sense of arter. When I asked him that he wanted to make a Bashas residue, he was the first conversation. However, I heard his personality in the human sentiment, and it was easy to understand even in a short meeting because it is a person without a back.

In addition, I heard Mari himself about Bashas because it is the opponent who made the body with [Metamorph].

According to Dalcia, “It’s a loneliness to Vida, but it’s like a good daughter.” According to Taros, it’s a good woman. Because it seems that Lvezfor is almost likely to meet, I did not refer to it, but ... Generally, it was a plus evaluation that does not contain warnings such as caution or not approaching.

It may be natural that Mari has already gained her app 。 if you think that the favor will be ranked immediately.

So, when I was not able to escape because it is connected with her on the back, the door was knocked.

"Mari, I had a replacement." What is Bashas?

From the door, Vandalou appeared by  the wagon with the dish.

Thank you!

"Eh, I'm so happy that my favorite mari is made."

I was planning to complete the body of Bashas by Mari alone and amazed by Vanderou. It was harder than I expected to make the body for each person, so I could cooperate with it.

However, Vandaloo was surprised by the spect、 that the upper body of the basス was born from the back of the mari.

I was surprised. I didn’t think that Mari was close to Bashas.”

It was a surprise of the direction that was not intended.

“Oh, there are many things to think about.” This world seems to be a problem even if he believes more than one God."

“Ramda” is a world in which multiple Gods work together to maintain and manage the world. For this reason, it is treated as an ordinary thing to pray for multiple Gods except the priests who work at the temple.

However, in the case of mari, the order is reversed, and since I received a request to make a body that is dependent, I became faith to be accepted.

“...I didn’t say anything to Vida and Talos to the Bashas himself, but the faith is so good?”

As a mari to know the common sense of "Earth" and "Origin", it seems that the existence of my own "faith" is not impurity. It is in front of Vanderou, which is the subject of the faith of the life.

"I think there is no problem." If you work in the temple and live in the path of faith, the mari is different."

Vanderou answered this in a sense like a friend and parent.

Faith of the world where God has applied to the believer and dispatched the use includes the purpose of gaining profit in the present world.

Of course, there are many ways to train and support people’s hearts with strict training, and there are few people who choose to proceed. However, you don’t have to be embarrassed even if you don’t.

“In addition, I believe God is an impurity reason to pursue self-happiness.” That’s okay because I’m recognized.

“It’s okay because it’s just like Vanderou.” I don't care, I'm adorable.

“Thank you, but it’s a little bit like it’s a good guy.” It’s a little hug...”

“T。’s right, I’m still wearing clothes. I'm knitting.

Vandaloo, who noticed that the bas、 has not yet worn anything, starts to knit her clothes with a thread from the mouth.

“Well, you didn’t have a fair story with Orbaum, right? That’s why I thought it’s a stranger to come to us.”

。 This is more important for me. Home

Vanderou answers questions while編みping threads from the mouth. The sericulture is also very serene.

"Oh, I'm very happy. However, because the main role is Vanderou at the meeting where the royalty also attends, it is a poison that you do not attend the royalty and not the royalty."

I know. I checked the condition of two people, so I will go immediately if I knit the clothes to the bash. ......Confirm for the reason, but this is not just a proposal. Is it good?

As Vandalou, I was going to put a prophylaxis so that I did not go to the same deployment as Diana.

It is a pleasure to make a child, but it should not be unplanned. There is still a bone of the Beast God Gampario.

"What's a propose?"

However, when the cheeks are dyed red, they began to fill the face of the mari hair and laugh.

"Bシャs, feet, and so on. I think it's a van, a bush snake.

“I feel like that. Home

Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum, was attacked by the unprecedented crisis in June of this year, and most of the buildings that were suppressed human damage, etc., suffered the damage that the people do not know how many years to restore their lives.

I would have abandoned Orbaum if I was a refuge.

It is almost three months old, and most buildings are rebuilt.

The Slam Street, which was a social problem until June, was revived as a commercial district where tenants from various stores enter.

Orbaum was not revived on the original. It has been more prosperous than before and is full of vitality as a city.

"O grandmother, I'm so energetic!"

“Oh, you can fly in the sky by enjoying the predecessors. Don’t treat older people

“Oh, mom, don’t have tea!”

“Oh, I didn’t know my shoulders... I didn’t know it! I’ll notice it later!”

I didn’t know this. Is it painless? Is it covered?

"I don't care! So I'll say my brother! I don't use it anymore!"

For that reason, the residents were mixed with daemons and undeads. They are those who lost their lives in the case, and those who were revived by Vandalou.

The daemon of the wings on the left and right shoulders of each daughter and grandchildren was an old woman with a bent waist until the incident. The head, shoulder, elbow, and the daemon, whose horns were born from the knees, were weak young until the incident.

In addition, Kunochen's variants, which seemed to be a group of skeletons, crossed the streets while ringing "Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-Oo-O-Oo-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O

If this is a compensation due to the reconstruction from the incident, it should be received.

“I was rumored that my mother, the boundary was moving, and I closed the border between the Duke of Saulon and the Milg shield country, is it true?”

What do you say? It’s easy to move the mountain range.

And the daemons were cons、ed as a matter of course that Vanderou moved the mountain range.

However, it wasn’t a matter of course for the kobit kings who were gathering for the meeting at Kunohchen Castle.

The mountain range moved. When I heard it, I thought that the head of the obsession finally came to me. I didn’t think it was true.

“I wanted to have a root in advance.”

“I think it was a problem even if it was done.”

"I want to be close to the day of reのement as soon as possible."

The kings of Cobite are laughing like a worries, silence, and the Dolmad military service.

“Is it meaningless if I say rooted in advance?”

“What do you say to Meoriris?”

And at the meeting, there was a meorilis that is not an honorary aristocratic. She  ed the principal of the preparatory school and now her personality is just a general person, but she 。ed the job, and she doesn’t mean that she’s the power of the original A-class adventurer.

The aristocratic gathering was unable to treat her underneath.

It was too much to say that there was no meaning. There is a lot of political meaning.

It is a pose that Vidal Magic Empire cares about the predecessors by rooting in advance. And the audience gained a track record of care for the Vidal Magic Empire.

When Meorilis says, the nobles who were told by Meorilis were imp。ed and silenced.

I see. Although it is not left as a document, it becomes credible to stack such customs with the person in charge or員lomat. I will study.

And Vandaloo is repeatedly nodded to her words.

“It’s important to have a preliminary root, but it’s a teacher.”

“I am not a teacher anymore.” I’m just a hiring adventurer. Until you rent it to me

For meorilis to rent a car to Vandalou. The rental is a half-year graduation of a preliminary school that has a minimum of one year. It is also to Paulina and Rhinehards.

In order to rent Meolilis, he 。 his principal’s job and returned to the adventurer to help him.

Of course, Vanderouts are not required for that reason. her own will.

“I don’t care about it.” Pauvina is convinced that it was a reasonable time to think about the current situation."

“No, I don’t have a kejime as an educator. That’s what I need.”

This is the former A-class adventurer, but it is not necessary for Vanderou to be a fight. If you are a grade A adventurer, you will have a lot of other than her.

"Vandaloo, I think that you are aware of yourself, but before you are politics. I forgot to root before moving the mountains.

However, political power was overwhelmingly lacking.

In particular, sometimes there is a lack of politics brains that are common sense and not madder.

There is a chessare, but the undead, he often follows the intention of Vanderou, and in addition, he is a military commander of the Milg shield and is not a civilian. My brother’s curt is also a former samurai, so I can’t get to the expert anymore.

They are also advised by the Duchess of Hadros Jahan and the Duchess of Taccard Alcrem, but they are also the decade of the Kingdom of Orbaum as they are friends. It is not a good position to receive consultations about government.

It is not a civilian for Vandalou, but as a principal of the preparatory school, Meorilis has been solving troubles with various族s with the aristocrats of Orbaum since ancient times.

"Thank you for your guidance and encouragement."

“No, so don’t call me a teacher.”

The aristocratic who looks like this, and healed his heart. However, those who are lacking in political knowledge are good for them.

However, the story is different if it is a strong country manager who overwhelmedly exceeds the military power of their country.

No unexpected troubles can occur because you do not know too much of the practice. And the problem is fatal.

Vandalu is generous, but Dalcia is a vida, but you can’t worry about it.

In addition, the aristocratic expects meorilis to play another role in this place.

It is a good woman. I had a good woman, but I was really withered.

"I'm not a woman, but I'm an adult, even if I'm a woman in a year like before."

The two men were 睨ed by memorizing the illusion that seemed to be distorted by the ghost and the space.

“Who’s a。g。, but not a decade. Have you ever forgotten how to take care of a kind of year is different from elf? Then I don’t remember that I drooped up my daughter! I’ll be enclosed well!

“Is there any kind of elderly people like you, right? Or is the young one with the lower body, and the head is dyed with a colored bokeh? Do not sprinkle with the color of others, and the vegetables are rodent."

It’s like a chimpira, but it’s a Schne  of the S-class adventurer from the Amid Empire. And the S-class adventurer of the Kingdom of Orbaum, “True” Randolph, and nobles could stop anyone.

Randolph is still good. Aristocratic knows that it is not a person who has a dinosaur and 癇癪s.

But Schne、 is different. The aristocrat of the Orbaum Kingdom is the first time to meet him, and in rumors, the aristocrat kills the aristocrat in the middle of the day, and later, the aristocrat is a noble, but it is known as the thoracic倉 and throws to the sky. The rumor is based on strict facts, not root or leaf.

Aiming to stop such a dangerous person has not yet been a noble of the Kingdom of Orbaum. I took the distance as much as possible from two people and waited for the storm to pass, but I did not finish it.

There is a shallow cause between former S-class adventurers representing the enemy country.

Actually, there are several days ago between the Milg shield country and the Duchess of Saulon, and the request received from each other indirectly collide.

It is rescued before the request of a war cap  that was supposed to be escorted to the safety zone, or the escort was captured or sent.

Because there was no direct confrontation, it would have been frustrated to each other. However, it is not possible that the Schne、 has come out of the Amid side with the name, but it is not possible to stand directly.

So I asked Vanderou to see the person who attended this meeting.

“I know that the two people are good friends, but let’s know a little soon because the meeting starts.”

And Vandalou did not look at the論論 and Schneダー’s theory. If you are thinking, you can’t feel killing from two people who are 睨ed.

That’s why Vandaloo was interpreted as just a嘩rrel.

“Randolph, if he treats him with children, he does not show a very popular figure. I’m working, don’t hang it.”

"Shne、, if you say that you are old, you should wear something calmly."

The origin of Meolilis and Reshana. When Meolilis stops Randolph and Ristana stops each Schneダー, the two stopped the論or when they only face and devote their face.

“Is it possible to start a joint meeting between the Vidal Magic Empire and the Orbaum Kingdom?”

Let’s do it. We will hold a meeting more."

In the meantime, schneダー and Randolph were 気にed and unable to enter the meeting room, so kobit royal and chessare started meeting without any trouble.

However, this is not an ordinary meeting. The purpose of the conference is to ask and propose to Vanderlust and Vidal Magic Empire.

... I should discuss the measures against the Alda Holy Land and the Duchess of Fゾン, but the enemy country and hostile, which were blocked in the mountains, should deepen the relationship with the Vidal Magic Empire, rather than the Duke of his own country that is closed in the current state.

“There are a few presentations from me first.” The new mountain range named Arc Mountains. “We will work with the Duke of Elizabeth Saulon to develop cities along the mountains and build temples.”

The jealous eyes of the other duches and their fame, who heard the Vandalou presentation, concentrate on Elizabeth sitting in tension.

So far, the Baron is the only land that borders the enemy country. However, the entrance to the kingdom of Vidal Magic Empire and Orbaum, a super-large country, will be the relay point of trade.

I cannot know the profit.

“Next, we have an embassy in Japan and your country, but we can see if we meet certain conditions.”

“Well, right?”

What is the condition?

The bu ncy and its name. The embassy’s installation means building a trust relationship and creating a public base for information gathering.

It is essential to think about how to interact with the Vidal Magic Empire that suddenly appeared.

However, the floated people listened to the condition that Vandaloo said, and took the second step.

“If the Amid Holy State and the Duchess of Fゾン become war with us, we will be participating as an allies of our country.”

It was a surprising to fight against the war, with a keen and army adventurer who was active in the Baron until just a few months ago.

The document is distributed by kunochen. It is a formal document by signing it with the name of the Duke and判 the emb  of the Duke family.

It is not bound by magic or curse, but it is a decisive betray that contrary to this oath......It is not a good thing to do with Vidal Magic Imperial opponent.

“This is the answer in this place.”

Of course, the name suggests that “This is taken back and considered”. However, there were four dull sounds to block it.

“Is this good?”

"I'm signed, check it!"

“Oh, Kunohchen, let me bring it.”

」

Hadroth, Elizabeth, Duke of Birgit, and Taccard signed and pressed.

At the moment I saw it, I was imp。ed that other duches and names were made.

Normally, the content of discussions with top-to-head members is determined to be before they begin. It is because the writers and員lomats are repeatedly discussed and considered in advance.

So if this is the case, it will be rooted in advance.

This is not normal. Vanderlou...The Vidal Magic Empire has stepped down to the Duchess. Don't sleep on the Alda side at the altar.

Weaved that all the duches can't do it. I was going to take home from the beginning, but I didn’t think that I would take care of it to the Duchess of Burgit. What did you expect?)

Taccard, who was the developer, was supported.

“Well, wait, now press the judge!”

“I don’t have to panic.” Even if you are not in this place, you can do it after the meeting ends. Of course, it is troubled if you don't come out before becoming a war."

“I do it!”

"Corbit's House" This is evidence!

Lukas Hartner and Cobite picked up the document. Duchess who submitted his documents together. You will be able to submit documents immediately.

This stepped on.

“I’ll be the last one, but I’ll change the name of the sect from the Vida principle to the Vida faith.”

“Is it an ordinary Vida believer?”

"No, just change the name. The principle claim is not going to change at all.”

Vandalou had a Vida principle, but it is not because Vandalou is a principle. It is because it is similar to the Alda Fuka Japanese style that the Heinz holds.

Because it is a similar name, it is not possible to think that it is the faith of a similar purpose.

However, Heinz returned to Amid、. Alda fusions are rapidly lost in other than the Duchess of Fazon.

Then, after showing your power. If you don’t have to worry about being a legitimate Vida believer.

It was a word that it seems to be a言葉ogant to Vida believers in human society that the Vida faith inside the Vanderlus border was justified. But...

"Our claims are as explained in the stage, so please thank you."

Dalcia is behind Vandalu, which is said to be a little smile. There will be no Vida believers who say “they are the right” to the sects who are able to get down Vida.

The Vida principle, which was just a name, was dissolved.

●Magic commentary: The Skull Knight of Plu: God by Lucia

A skeleton tribe that reached15 15. The appearance is not like a normal skeleton, but the hardness and flexibility of the bone exceeds the Orihalcon.

If you are a master of Pluto God, it seems that now the skeleton is the emperor of the master.

In order to prove that it has been discovered from the normal undead, the spect  for the undead has become less effective than before.

Therefore, if you classify accurately, you should consider that you have a fl , or you may be regarded as an undead or a sub-anged.

However, it is time to decide the class name because it is still a bone person. The same existence as the bones will appear in the future, so it is not slow even if you wait for it.

Next story will be posted on July 7th.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Thank you for your understanding.