Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 323: The broken demon sword and the demon lord

Vandalou entered the preliminary school and the half moon passed. At that time, a shocking event will be held in the Heinz of the leader of the "five-colored blades" "Aomori Sword".

......

After training, the swords that I tried to care before going to bed, and the swords that put the swords from the swords in his two names were folded.

Heinz to be surprised and lose words. Edgar and Deliza, which are located on the spot, are also rounded around the eyes without saying anything.

“Well, it’s something that can be broken in such a peaceful night.”

It was not a scream of sorrow that lost his love sword, but it was such a word.

"Oh, the trial of Zakart" was not broken even when he created the 片、 of the demise of the devil and the devil of the sinner"

"It might have been impossible to。umulate." However, it may be because it is a sword that I folded at this time, not in the middle of the battle. When I was trying to create a sinner of the sinner, I might have been enclosed by Bellwood this time.

"I'm sorry." I think this magic sword was a relationship for more than a decade.

Heinz picked up the missing pieces of folded magical swords and looked deeper. He sees only about twenty years old by the goddess of Alda.

It was the only time for the members to get the magic sword.

At the time I got it, I thought it was a magical sword of the past performance, and it was desperate to use it. However, recently, I was able to learn the lack of the performance.

Still, did you continue to use this magic sword? Or maybe I thought that I lost my skills when I lost this magic sword.

However, this magical sword was a symbol of blue for Heinz.

“Well, what do you do next weapons? Isn’t you able to endure your power right now? Or are you fighting with magic?

“I want to avoid both if possible.”

As Edgar says, he is already a superman ... Heinz in the medieval region of legends and myths is too 。ttle. He just shakes his power.

In the first place, there will be no damage to the super high-ranked undeads of witches and ranks 13 or more of the witches of the witches that they set as enemies in just iron.

It is not possible to fight if you put a magic weapon, but it is not possible to use half of training until now.

He is a swordman who has more than 1st class magic.

However, the sword that can withstand the current sword is nothing but the whole Kingdom of Orbaum. If you are a witch or a holy sword that is passed down as a treasure in each Duke's house, you will not know if you can endure his power.

That’s why I had a sword that I used before. When I become God, I should use it because I kept it in a sanctuary.

At that time, Bellwood’s voices resonated with the consciousness of Heinz. It is a sword withstanding the fight against the magical Gudulanis, whose legendary者が had descended Alda to the body. It is a proposal that is not hoped.

Thank you. But the Holy Sword is in the Alda Temple in the Amid Empire?

It is said that the saint sword of Berwood is delivered from the Temple of Belwood, which is said to have been passed down since ancient times than the Amid Empire.

“I don’t know the world because I was sleeping until I happened to you.” However, because I use multiple swords, I might have left a sword on the way. Or maybe the saint sword made by me was a saint sword used by me.

......If you can, you want to beat it now.

However, it seems that Bellwood didn’t have a clue. The saint sword of his origin seems to be equal to the remains of black history.

Berwood left a large amount of holy swords and holy armor and shields, although the organization did not leave like Nine Road or Farmown. As a weapon for the wicked God of the Vedic Kingdom residue, and the new breed of Vida.

This is a typical sword Nemesis Bell, who was involved in the reckelt of the sword of the sword of the sword of the dead.

Many of them are said to have been folded and lost in the intense battles, and there are still many berwood heritages.

However, Bellwood seems to be a very proud thing because he perceives his  by the gods of sinners.

“Well, the future should be changed.” In addition, it is sure that you need a weapon that is effective against the evil gods of the Devil's residual party and the 片  of the Devil's "

The bellwood seemed to have been recons。ed several times when the honeysuckle. "...I'm sorry, I'm going to bring it."

“It’s not amazing, the holy sword of the brave... I’m sure you’ve been using it until the end!”

"It's amazing, but it's not so much. Bellwood himself may think that it is difficult to振 humans who are not brave because they are not aware of it.

A dearizer that shows a crouched appearance, recently Edgar is only rare. He replied, “Oh, I know.”

The swords of Bellwood are honored. It has been more than to be awarded any emb  of the Orbaum Kingdom.

However, it is sure to remember whether you can use holy swords. It has not been ex。ded because of the battle in the state where the Berwood has been dropped. If you think, it may be a cause of folding that caused a burden on the witch.

However, there was something that I felt more.

“Is it true that a man called Asagi, who is studying the seal of the “Witch King”?

Heinz had a meeting with two people of Asagi Minami and his fellows.

At that time, it was surprising. Like the brave that Vandalou appeared from another world, it was a honey that was originally asked to be a reincarnation that is not the existence of this world, but the ギs were the same reincarnation. In addition to the ギs, there are already several re生ers coming to this world.

Asagiri was not going to be an enemy to the Heinz, he gave a more amazing warning.

Vanderou became God in a different world, and became a companion to the use of other dead attribute magic. And the new Death Attribute Magician has already come to this world.

The dead-type magician操ing the undead is only one of Vandaloo. For those who have been thinking about it, it was information that exactly the earth was turned over.

The reason why they were at risk of Vandaloo was that he had to expand his forces and follow the countless powerful undeads, and then he died and undead returned to the original enemy.

However, even if Vandalu died, there is no danger to him.

However, it seems that only one of the two Dead Attribute Magicians who came from the different world that Asagi said, can not操e the Undead.

In addition, this is the expectation of the god who revived asagi and them, but both of them have an unusually enormous magic like Vanderou.

“Are you talking about it? Is it better to hear about half of the story? I said after listening to the story, but he is also a member of Vandalu. In addition, the story of the man is from the use of God who reborn Vanderou. eaves may only be

Edgar denys the story of Asagi. However, for them, the character of Asagi as "Vandalu's rebirth" was sufficient as a reason for having a feeling of distrust.

However, in reality, Edgar... I want to avoid the possibility of fighting Vandaloo here for Gudulanis, who is魂estled in his soul.

“I know it.” I don’t believe until I actually see a new Death Attribute Magician. However, you should think that it may be true.

The story of Asagiri and the story of God who has transformed them clearly lies, and if you are trying to deceive us, you should have a deity from Alda.

Heinz did not believe in the information provided by Asagiri. The death attribute magician who had not existed except Vandaloo appeared again. However, it is unknown. I don't believe it.

“...I don’t think we will answer even if we asked Vanderou and his colleagues about “New Death Attribute Magician”.

Heinz and Vandalou are related to mutual trust. As Hainz can’t believe that he will continue to exist, Vandaloo will not be able to experience a new death attribute magician who will meet especially well.

Rather, it is likely to be killed at that moment, thinking that it is not going to be dwell and mari.

“Even if it’s, it’s not that God in a different world.” While we’re strong here, Vandalou is also stronger than God, it’s a contrary.”

。 “It’s annoying to be stronger than a  , a true giant, and a wicked God.”

There is no visible growth in decades or decades. They have been born for tens of thousands of years, and they are growing.

However, humans are different. The word "Men's, if you meet three days, you will see it," which is said to have left the Botin's brave, Hill Willow.

Originally, the origin of this phrase is lost, but it is only conveyed that it means that the person who is interested grows three days, so when you meet it, it will not be oiled.

“Is it better to encourage your greats to maintain the control of the “Witch King’s Flaw?”

"No matter how much God entrusted, it is not good to repeat the same thing. It may be true that other aristocrats are suspected of their control ability. That’s it... it’s no waste to say to the Duke of Alcム.”

Heinz was considered to have been fully imported into the Vandalu side, the arcade of Alcrem, who was honored to have died of Dalcia. and that is true.

"I'm a brother, how do you do it?"

When Sele  enters the room, I was surprised to see the broken magical sword.

"Oh, this is finally broken. I was surprised, but it's okay.

“It’s a new sword. So, how do you write a letter to Vandaloo to Sele ?

"Sele、? But when I sent a letter before, I heard it was useful."

With the thought of Edgar, the deliza is meaningful.

I know. I've seen you. However, the content was written carefully. I was saved in the 冒険ld of the Adventurous of the Duchess of Hartner, compared to the documents and marks that I entered in the middle of the town of Neaki, but I think that I wrote.

If we, the cardinal and priests are more effective than we think,

“If it’s time to get there, it might be meaningful. What is Sele、?

Deraisa is stunned to Edgar’s ability to act, but he has nodded Sele。.

“I, I!”

Sele、, who thought he could do something for the honeys, should not hesitate to write a letter. The second letter came out from Sele  to Vanderou.

Edgar is not aware of himself, but he has made the most effective mental attack on Vanderou.

By the way, Asagi was warned by the Heinz to pay attention to Kanako Tsuchiya. Because I would be trying to do something, I was wary of the more than Vandaloo, and I was urged to be able to stop with two friends.

“Kanako Tsuchiya is a reincarnation from a different world, and it can be a conductor,” he remembered his unfamiliarity in the opposite of his speech.

For them, I didn’t think that Canako should be more alert than Vandalou.

At that time, there was a splendid party at the villa of the Orbaum's senior aristocratic city, the クレque of the Alcム.

It is the beginning of the year and the beginning of the year. However, nobles do not have a party in spring or summer.

Some people may have a party to celebrate their birthday and 10th anniversary. The likelihood is often a small gathering, such as a tea party that often invites only close people.

However, at this time, the party、 by the Duke of Alcrem was a great thing. There is no ility compared to the party held in the social season.

At this time, I think that the Arkurem Baron had a great party.

“Mahibirez Leeds” “This is a honour to meet directly”

"Oh, the Count of Leeds." I heard that it is a famous bow. Anyway, I got off the wiburn.

"I'm afraid." The high name of the Honorary Count of Zakart is not far away.

"This is the honorary Count of Darcia Zakart. My name is Davelan Shabull.

"Well, the eldest son of the Marquis of Shabull. I know your paintings.

“It’s a great deal.” If you want to draw your precious woman on your model,

It is because the request from the other aristocratic people who want to meet the legendary Count of Darcia Zakart.

There were many nobles who were interested in and cautious about Vandaloo’s behavior, but they were distracted by the fact that they were not able to collect information, and Zakart’s Honorary Counter changed their contradictions to the Baron Arkurem.

Taccard Alcrem also predicted that Vandaloos will stay in Orbaum. So, while denying the demands of the aristocratic people, Dalcia was going to remember the manners in the upstream class and make it possible to respond without difficulty.

However, the social strategy of the aristocratic people is more intense than expected, and finally it became the wing to open a party that is out of time.

From Vandalou, “How about opening a party at home?”, suggested a plan that would be denied by the族est noble. However, due to the caution that "It is better to do it because it may send a discarded piece that does not matter to die for the purpose of causing trouble to put on later 癖iculty."

For this day, Taccard is a flying り car -- a ride that flys the sky with a special suspension to the flying り not a horse. At least four well-trained wiburns and their rides are required, so no one can ride in the royal family is allowed to fly飛 from the Duchess of Arcrem, and the invitation was selected.

"I ask you! It's a limit! It's a rumor!"

"Oh, I'm calm. The party is still in the future.

“Is it gold? Or do you tell me anything about paintings and jars from my ancestors?”

“We support the reform of the Duke of Alcrem even in our Marquis! Now write a bloody letter and ask for it! Melt the rumored capillary drug!”

"Wife and daughter suffer from severe skin diseases, and now suffers. My father told me to be a new wife, but I can’t do that! How do I get mir s and rumored s?

And now, I was responding to the men's aristocrats who were pushed to hear the rumors of V-cream. From those who have only their own dignity and pride, to those who have learned the serious situation that would go directly to cure when Vandaloo heard.

It seems that the eyes are turned around, too. If you don’t have a lot of Lucia next to him, you might have really turned around.

However, Luciano, who writes the situation of being the name of the aristocrat in the face like the secretary of the tackcard, was also wrinkled between the eyebr。.

V-cream demand is too high than expected. What is a mir 薬 medicine? It is said that it is spread as a cream that adjusts hair and skin. Actually, it is burned or刺 bites, and it is effective for various skin diseases, but it is not taught. Is it possible for someone to try it?

This should milk fat and blood from the master)

Lucia was thinking about V-cream production plan while thinking of such a horrible thing.

It is easy to say that it is easy to say that it is only because they are just looking for a V-cream.

However, there were many people who weren’t able to do it.

Aristocratic Princess.

Vandalu, the eldest son of Dalcia Zakart, has not yet been married to the public of the Kingdom of Orbaum. For this reason, they are sent from their parents to get their skills and their tailoring skills.

"Van, the cuisine here is also delicious"

"Pauvina, this soup is also medium"

However, Vandaloo was enjoying peacefully on the side of Pauvina. The lady who dressed up is not able to approach while leaving the appearance of it away.

“Van-like, this fish dish is also great, and there is a lot ofの粉 powder in the finish. How about Paula?

"Dirty in the husband and mouth"

"Let's eat jelly made with pineapple juice and fruit juice"

"No, it's not the middle of the party to open the Duchess." By the way, let's say that people are around you?

If you’re wondering, around Vanderou is Eleonola, Belmond, Eisen, and Gur’s Zadilis.

Pauvina is a beautiful girl if it is not taken into account, but it is surrounded by eleonola, belmond, and ivory that drifts the beauty of the shining beauty and the glossy color of the adult. In addition, Zadilis, whose appearance is close to you, is always talking close to you.

The decree with penetration and thoracic, which can bombard this perfect defense net, did not exist in this party.

Of course, if you are normal, you will not attend a noble party. In the garden party, there are many things that show the obedience of the host aristocratic and intimate adventurer, but it is more世 than attendance.

Socially obedience is special livestock. For this reason, eating dishes that are served by attending the party does not change to other nobles as "eat the same diet about the same table as the cow horse".

For this reason, it is a matter that should be strictly protested to the organizer. If you’re in this venue, it’s only for those who have agreed that Vandalu’s obedience will attend the party in advance, and that’s not the case.

From the mountain where you can see a new species of Vandalu's obedience in the near future, the aristocratic who is not in the eyes except the V-cream, the aristocratic who is not in the eyes, and those who want to make a dinosaur with Zakart's Honorary Count are gathering here.

“But I have to thank Mr. Orlock.”

“Let’s add skewers this time.”

Also, Belmond was a master of Taymarルドld, Orloc, and she had a sumi. His heart is just increasing.

“Vandalu Zakart”

There, the deceased who seemed to be there, and the deceased with the heart, voiced. It seems to be a pretty house pattern when I guess from the tailoring of the dress worn by a girl who is 6 or 7 years old.

She continued to look hard or nervous.

"I, Katie Hartner" ...... Previously, it was also called “Uruz”

Next story will be posted on July 17th.