Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 62: Former emperors, generals, and gods have no end of troubles.

The book version of my work, the fourth is released today! I hope you can get it when you visit the bookstore!

He is now im、 a trial. I have never experienced before.

He was born in noble personality, and he has never had a chance to remember the real。er, not ordinary meaning. I walked in my life.

However, he... the life of the former emperor of the Amid Imperial Mashukuzar von Berwood Amid was a series of trials.

Before the emperor, the successor struggles with the brothers. I continued to appeal to the emperor by increasing my ally and gaining実績 whileを守り my own body.

And after becoming the emperor, the war with the kingdom of Orbaum, which is the emperor of the state operation and the enemy, came to him as a trial.

The Amid empire is a country that has been economically and militaryly blessed, but it has to maintain its main affiliation with the country, and the empire harbor is not an inexhaustible.

When a dungeon run in the major cities occurred in the same time in the war, it was necessary to correspond with the nation's arriving sky. It was a tough trial.

It was not written in the history book, but it was necessary to deal with the aristocratic who is trying to rebel after the marshkuzar is immediately, and his in企 to be assassined.

And the tra。 with the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper, and the sniper of the sniper of the sniper of the sniper. If you make a mistake, you can't physically jump.

That’s why every day was a continuous trial.

Of course, people who have to be desperate every day to survive are always trying to say, and if you believe that it is blessed with various meanings, Mashukuzar is also aware.

That’s it. The emperor is the emperor, and the poor has the role and work of the poor, and there is a trial that must be overcome. Compared.

The important thing is that Marshkuzar has overcome various trials so far. In the end, the Emperor was pursued by the aliaque that was imminent to the Emperor.

"Fum...... It is a spectacular view"

Even if he had him, he was 並 up in front of me.

A large amount of stone material in a large amount of wood. From ordinary materials used for general housing to high-end construction methods that are difficult to procure even in nobles.

l on a large amount of sand. Nails, metal fittings and various tools in various sizes.

"If you have such a trekking and tools, it is possible to reproduce not only the castle block of the empire, but also the castle. ......If you have a craftsman,

But there is a fatal problem. It’s only one person to use them.

Of course, he is not a carpenter. In his reign, various civil engineering works, water cure works, the construction of fort and castles, and the urban development plan were held, but he himself did not do the construction.

“I’m sorry to prepare this thing, but I really want to build a facility to supervise myself?”

Yes

The person who marshkuzar looked back and brought me here ... When he asked Vanderou, he answered with the minimum word.

Marshkuzar was abducted by Schneダー and delivered to Vandalu after his preliminary life.

Marshkuzar was honestly expected to be delivered to Vandalu. I was thinking of being killed, but there was no immediate thing, and I remembered curiosity that even if so, even if he had been enveloped in mystery, he might be able to see a little.

In order to combat Alda, what is the place where the existence of God支配?

And he was freed from blindfold, and he saw a wilderness that spreads across the hor。. And it was a lot of trouble.

There is no existence except Vanderou, where the物atures stand behind. And Vanderou said, “You can make a place where you live with this helper and tool. Please tell us what you want. In some cases, it was only a miscellaneous explanation.

“...Well, what is the building of a facility to supervise yourself?”

Marshkuzar, who says his own words in a situation where he wants to believe. If there is no one to watch this situation, you will be able to escape if you are a regular prisoner.

But Marshkuzar did not think of it.

(He should be natural for me to be able to escape.) That’s where I can’t run anything.

Marshkuzar is also a心 of martial arts and magic. However, I don’t have a single sword. In addition, it is not limited to encounter a powerful magic that is not likely to be tasted at the destination that has escaped.

(Where is this place?)

Looking up the sky, you can see something like a wall of meat that is pulsed over a cloud like a thin haze. If it is not a hallucination, it is not a normal space.

Is it a space that is isoの by some magic items? I have some resistance, but it is not easy to escape)

I didn’t think that this is one of Vandalu’s [In。 World], but it was a correct answer that was impossible to escape.

(If you do not give up)

And Marshkuzar gave up to escape. It is difficult while Alda continues to interfere with the escapade, which is not what happens when he escaped.

The meaning of escape is thin.

“Can I get meals?”

Yes. Three meals are served daily. Restaurant

It’s fun. Is it possible to request?

I heard that meals are served, and the meaning of evacuating is becoming more and more difficult.

Let’s hear. It is not possible to respond

I see. Let’s make a bed for the first time.

In other words, Marshkuzar started to assemble it, finding the。 placed at the edge of the 。.

Marshkuzar has no technology and experience in direct water curing, civil engineering and construction work. However, there is a knowledge to make those plans, and you can use some magic. However, it is possible to build a building that can withstand life. It seems that there are no monsters and bears and wolfs here, so I don’t think about defense.

So, Marshkuzar was optimistic.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. In addition, I do not feel like I can get along with this. ...... Well, it is a subtle existence)

Vandaloo, the world in which he pulled it, was aimed at感情s that could not be said to Marshkuzar.

The feelings that Vandalou directed to the Marshkuzar basically do not change when he was abducted into the Schneダー and turned into the floor.

However, if you look at these things, you can see it as a sense.

Marshkuzar is a person who cannot guide Vandalu.

To lead him, you will have to destroy the spirit and rebuild the spirit while brainwashing. I feel like that.

(i.e., it does not match uma.) I think that it is a person who wants to always take a reasonable distance, although it is not so much that I can not do it without 角 .

When I say to Alex, I borrowed my hand, but it is. That's it.

That’s right, but Vandalou seemed like that. I don’t want to get along with Marshkuzar. Neil, you will be thrown away when you want to be, and you will not hesitate to kill yourself.

“Oh, I’ve forgot to have a tableware and daily necessities”

Vanderou, who remembered the thing that he had forgotten about daily necessities, started making tableware with the skill of [Gorem Creation].

Sin is a person’s sex, and crime occurs anywhere. It is not an exception in Vidal Magic Empire.

As they役ed the dead corner of the Goム, which plays the role of a crime prevention camera, those who hide their faces were assembled in the warehouse in the suburbs of Tarosム.

“I’ll let you show off the collected pieces.”

。ry When this meeting is held, everything will be broken.

。 First of all, let’s dedicate the offerings, and let’s pause the spirit.”

The people of various tribes who hide their face on the mask assemble a simple altar, then burn the inc , and serve confectionery and sake. And they were acclaimed in a。orous atmosphere, and the words of prayer and verses of the holy rites for each God.

This means that the spirits that drift around them are given 賂bes.

There is also a way to completely shut out the entry and exit of the spirit, but it is a reverse effect to do dark things back because it stands out against this Tarosム. Gorem is a kind of screaming that the undeads who are guarding the security will feel no matter what the junction is, "I will do things that I can not show up in the spirit!"

Therefore, now, the mainstream way to get quiet.

"No, it's good to see. Let's show you the best!

“I’m not able to bear it anymore 3 days ago!”

。 This is what we are dealing with now.

Then, a man who concealed the face on the mask, and showed the inside.

There was a small ceramic jar on the red-black liquid, not a bag-packed narcotics......, but a black rod-shaped thing, a bundled hair.

"Oh! This is the bone, hair, body hair, and the inside of this jar in Vandalu's blood ...!"

“I have fat and eyeballs! Oh, what’s it? How did you get this place?”

"How to use your own route"

They were a dealer selling part of Vanderou to Vanderou 。ion, not the seller of drugs and their customers.

In the Vidal Magic Empire, it is the fact that it is used in the blood and corners of Vandalu, the fatty blood pressure bradpotion and V-cream material. Selected (and considered in part) The believer is to sublimate to a higher-level presence (and in some cases, but actually mutations).

For this reason, some people have been asked to overuse products made from Vanderou, such as Bradposion, V-Cream and Vクリーム. And finally, I came to ask for raw materials instead of processed products.

It is the appearance of the Vanderlus radicals. In addition, it is called an ex、ation because it is super、 against Vandalu.

They don’t cause extreme protests or活動orism separately, but they’re doing this all-round deal to get unlawful part of Vanderou before being processed by the Vanderlus Law.

Nothing special I have lost my magic from the demons.

“Is it from the Mage King? But it’s time when the Mage King stops the function...”

The Vidal Magic Empire is used in a variety of fields...that’s a part of Vanderou. When the magical power is broken, the function stops and stops moving. However, since Vandalou’s magic is huge, there are few individuals moving in the year.

In addition, it is not possible to determine how much magic is broken from the appearance. If you don’t move, you can recover it quickly, and you don’t have to do proper treatment, it will be broken and dusted.

That’s why it’s difficult to recover materials from the demons that stopped the feature.

However, I want to believe that the dealer in front of me was able to achieve this assortment.

There is a connection to the searcher. It is said that the material of the use witch King who consumed the magic power in the fight in dungeon is also brought back.

If you don’t need it, just search for other customers?

“If you don’t want it, you can choose it!”

“Well, wait!”

Some wary, but the reason of the  or is  ttle. If you push out to the same that you want to get a little more, stretch your hand.

And when Vandalou 。ed to get all the materials, the dealer will not be able to do it.

“Won’t you have done it all?”

A group of black armor and manto broke the door of the warehouse that was closed in the drawing of the word.

"It's the Knights of Dark Night! Everyone is an adult! "

“What’s the Knights? What’s it like? Where did you know?

“You’ve been a guru!”

The face of the dealer's man who is 弾ed to one of the  ors is distracted. When I thought that the back of the man was split, the daemon expressed the true form as if the butterfly wings from the pupa.

“Of course, I was wearing skin皮.”

"Invasion investigation?"

If a man distorts his face, he will carry the material that he had in his hands to his mouth in no time.

"I'm going to say that it's going to be an adult!?"

"I didn't say that I can release the material!"

"If you can pick up, it's the last bite! Oh, I'm unbearable!"

A daemon laughing at the appearance of a black Knight who takes blood drinker, a person who smells the body hair, a person who scales the fat, a person who makes the eyeball round, and a 中毒ed  ist.

Some people try to escape.

"Oops, here is closed"

It is blocked by a giant Z e Ninja zran, which was found at the back of the warehouse and is restrained.

“Oh, I’ll walk around! I’ll ask you to submit a three-month service activity and an anti-provincial statement!”

“The person who has resisted is 9 months! Get counseling with it!”

“Of course, Vandaloo is not there!”

"It's it! That's it, it's forgive!"

"I'm not! I can't endure any month's vandaloo!"

The screaming  ors 鳴ed to the vampire and vampire z es of the Knights of the Dark Knights, and the invasion of the invasion investigation was successful.

Chezaré, the general and predecessor of the Vidal Magic Empire, whose report focuses on his work room.

"Vandalu poisoning problem, how do you solve this? What do you think?

“Is it possible to leave it? Is it a light crime treatment?”

The brother of the Chessares, the vice-shogun Kult answered while suffering.

“It’s not to provoke other crimes like narcotic 。ion, and it’s normal except for the majestic 。ion. If it’s short, it’s cured in a few months.

It may be better not to suppress it because it is like a non-キ of gaki."

The word Kult said was the same as the feeling that the majority of the Vidal Empires aimed at Vanderou  ors. The  ed person does not dye his hands to other crimes and does not cause frequent troubles in human relations. Well, because you buy Blood Potion etc., gold is used. In the first place, the processed product using part of Vanderou can not be obtained in normal trading even in the magic Empire, so there is no use of gold as it can be chased economically.

If you are a high profit lender and a dealer, the situation will change.

Therefore, it is better to keep取りing with the current system rather than forcefully締. There are many people who think so.

"If you still want to solve it, do you sell cheap, Maje、 blood, or do you pay the majestic kings together?"

“Oh, you know that there are few解決s to solve it?”

Vandalu  ion is not a cure if it is an environment where you can take the material of Vandalu.

No matter how much the  ion is, it is not satisfied. Next It is toxic.

It is the conclusion of the research institution that the  or remains an 。or, even if the blood of Vanderou is sold unlimitedly and Jun , even if the 王or is paid.

Home In addition, there are many people, elves, and dwarfs, except for undead and magic. A new breed of Vida who has no ranks such as beasts and giants. However, except those who have mutated such as dwarf, dwarf, or chaos elf.

......Do you not solve the problem if you want to undead the empire?

It is impossible to make an undead. He is not allowed to

Vandalu  ed people are no different from Vandalu’s beloved people who are the manager of the Vidal Magic Empire. When it comes to the topic of him, it looks far away, and it calls a meeting room for healing of the mind, and it is more pronounced that the hair-like person or物をature from [the world in the body], or the odd lines such as deforming like a生きature that I was mofu.

“Have you ever changed?”

“Unfortunately, it seems difficult.”

In other words, I entered the office of Chezaré. It is a man of the empire of the former Amid, and it was known as esophagus.

"...It seems that it was a long lunch.

“Well, you can try a little bit of your hand. ......All harmful ingredients have been removed, but I was told to go back to work for a while.

“Hhh? Oh, I asked him to rent you until evening. Is there any way to prepare for the majestic instructions?

“Oh, I finally received a report that summarized the results of this research by the laboratory of Lucia.  

Chessare was short and screaming when he saw the report that Quoc delivered. Then I saw the curt as well, but he was 唸ed.

“Transmutation Experiments: There is no mutation when a criminal who was born and caught in Orbaum gave nothing other than his or her blood for more than ten days. Do you continue to give a single month or more of your majestic food to the arrested  ion?

If you’re a criminal, you don’t have any mutations to the  or?

The mutations to dwellers and dwellers are triggered by taking materials such as the blood of vandalous, but first it is a mandatory condition to be guided to vandalous.

Therefore, no mutations are given to those who are not guided, even if they drink the blood of Vandalou. Likewise, you can use bradpotion and V-cream.

However, all Vandalu 、ors should already be led to Vandalu. It is strange that it does not change.

“I guessed that Lucia was probably a problem with mentality. In other words, the  ion is seeking material meaning, and it is believed that it is not worship or respect.

"Philosophy... It is a difficult field invisible. If you are a spirit, you can see how much.

“On my brother, it’s only undead.” ......If you’re an expert, it’s easy, but Nuaza is going to be busy with the Grand Prison Plan, which will be shown in the tourist theme park, and Gena is in攻略 with the Bokes and Dungeon, and will then join the Maje .”

“Is the two of them a professional?”

“It’s a religious house, it’s two people.”

“I feel that the Maje、 is different in the direction of the specialists of the heart ... I will put my strength in the development of staff who conduct counseling”

Vandalu  ed people often stop by  ed symptoms suddenly after time. Then, when I was 。ed, I usually live in one corner of memory as a black history.

Later, Dr. Hoover, who changed his job from the Psychotherapy Clinic, said he dramatically improved the treatment of Vandalu  s.

At that time, God was worried about a problem, just like a chessare who is suffering from the Vanderlus 。ion problem.

“What should we do? Is our presence thinning in this way?”

That’s it. “Is it possible to raise the effect as a target?”

“But I see the God of God...”

"I feel that I am buried in it ... It is a story compared to others. The neighbor's wife looks beautiful?

“If you say it, you didn’t have it next to it? You can’t understand what you’re envy about what you’re looking blue.”

The people she consulted about her troubles were not the gods of the Alda faction... but the gods of the Vida faction, which originally included strange gods who had come to this world from another world.

Naturally, their concern was Vandalieu.

``However, haven't we come to the conclusion that it would be difficult to increase the number of wives in a short period of time? I'm trying to make more friends for a while.''

『However, didn't it increase in the Orbaume Kingdom? Besides, Rioen, aren't you dragons good? Thanks to Tiamat-sama's fine play, you've even made a blood relation.''

``Yuma took care of Gareth, as well as the founder of the demon race and the founder of the demon race when she studied abroad, so they are making their presence felt. It's an enviable thing.''

One of the guardian deities of the dragon nation, the ``Crystal Horned Dragon God'' Rioen, and the guardian deity of the demon nation, ``warrior god'' Gareth, groaned a little upon hearing that.

『Should I send an oracle to Sylvari and force him to marry one of his daughters? ”

『But, doesn't Vandalieu hate that kind of thing? It's probably a matter of the person's feelings.''

Maggazerei, the guardian deity of the Harpy country and the ``Evil God of the Phantom Sky,'' expresses an opposing opinion to Trepamit, who is the surviving child of the ``Horse Beast King'' sealed in Arda, the guardian deity of the Centaur country, and is tentatively calling himself the ``Horse Beast Evil Eye King.''

Trepamito, who is a fusion of the child of the ``Horse Beast King'' and the ``Giant-Eyed Evil God,'' and Maggyazerei have been on particularly good terms in recent years, as the kings of the countries they protect are husband and wife.

``I think the concubine should ride Tiamat-sama with all her might. You see, Tiamat-sama's lower body looks like a lamia. And Fidilg looks like a snake too.''

``Don't give up on me, you evil snake god of seduction.'' What you are looking at is Tiamat-dono's tail. She's got legs. Besides, isn't it pathetic to be possessed by Fidirg? ”

``That's what I say, but Fidirg and Zozogante are clear winners, right? ”

The guardian deity of the Lamia country, the evil god who defeated and absorbed the ``Snake Beast King'' in a battle 100,000 years ago, and was half taken over by it, the ``Snake Evil God of Seduction'', Bogo Albozo, spoke in a somewhat careless manner, and Rioen and the dragons were greatly shaken.

``Hmm, well, sure. Also, it seems that I have met relatively often with Povaz, Zorzaseiba, and others who were underground in the Demon King's continent through leveling and continent purification projects...''

``Maybe I should marry Thanato.'' When I met Vandalieu before, he complimented her on the way she sat... or rather, on the luster of her abs and scales.''

``No, I don't think that's what I meant when I complimented you for your abs and shiny scales. No matter how Vandalieu is.''

``Besides, that queen is quite old, isn't she?　You have more than two digits of daughters, right?''

``But doesn't Vandalieu seem like an older person with hobbies? ”

“Certainly, there is a tendency that way.”

『Isn't it just because Vandalieu himself is young that he looks that way? Besides, those Legion and Pauvina are younger than Vandalieu if you don't think about what happened before they were reincarnated.''

“Speaking of which, what happened to Tristan? He doesn't have a wife or any of his main friends from the mermaid country, so why aren't they here? ”

"He's been working on Peria-sama ever since he was revived."

``Then, what about the new ``Rain Cloud Goddess'' Bashas? ”

``She's obsessed with looking at Vandalieu. There's a chance that she'll start saying that she'd rather be a bride than the people she protects.''

``...Now that I think about it, I heard that she is creating a yorishiro...''

``...Maybe I should make a concubine or a yorishiro?'' ”

“Come on, Bogo Albozo. You are a male god, aren't you?''

``God's gender changes depending on circumstances. A concubine isn't exactly a male god either. He only became a male god because he was needed for his encounter with Vida-sama.

Besides, Gufadgarn, who is still behind Vandalieu, isn't a goddess either.''

Although they met, Bogo Albozo is not Lamia's single parent. Lamia's one parent is Jubadi, the evil god of poisonous scales.

"Hmm, when you say that..."

``There's no need to panic. Vandalieu will continue to exist for several thousand years or more. Let's go without panic.''

In this way, the discussions between the gods of the Vida faction, who had deep karma, continued, although their direction was very different from that of the gods of the Alda faction.

The next episode will be posted on October 30th.