Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 401 Nine Road's thoughts

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

In the wilderness where the remnants of the Goム and the Demon King used to change, the appearance of the countless demons, centering on Vanderou, seems to be a 走。 of the maze and dungeon.

""""""

“【The Goddess of the Night!”

The five-colored blades, which were in霊ed in items such as pendants, and the velvet of Berwood, together with the dazzling glow, would look like those who headed to the King.

"It's the main! Go, everyone!"

!」

“Let’s leave!”

"[All capacity value]!, [Reinforcement of state abnormal resistance force]!"

Heinz, who fights Vandalu and the Witch King in a well-チームed teamwork, is actually going to the Witch King.

But here is the inside of the boundary. It’s true to win from people.

“I don’t think it’s too coward to take eight or nine people for me?”

"The fight is a number! This is a war, not a duel!"

When the saint sword is shaken by the wings that have jumped out sideways, it will be disconnected if the saint sword is eased like butter that is cut by the heated knife.

"And if you count to the number of people, you should not be alone!"

My Maje』 seems to be our thing

“Well, Van!”

In the surroundings of Vanderou, Levia princess and Olbia ghosts are waiting, and he is prepared when he uses [the mythology]. But he still looked at.

"Let's see a little more"

By defeating the Witch King where some of his souls stayed, how much Heinz’s attack hurts his soul, and how much the witch is corrected, Levia’s princess is trying to see whether Heinz’s attack is serious.

"And now we are all of us."

The Holy War is the empire of the Amid and the Duchess of the Fゾン, but it will not be affected by the deficits of the souls of the Gudulanis and the seals of the Devil’s remnants and the Vida family.

Heinz’s “five-colored blades” are immersed in Berwood and the spirit. The limit time should be longer than when it appears in Orbaum, but there is still a limit. When the limit is reached, the defeat of the Heinz will become decisive.

There is no rush to win in Vandaloo.

Let’s go to the intersection by saying “ How do you think?

"I'm sorry! [Hikiken]!"

Jennifer, who had a strong attitude of Vandalou, mobilizes martial arts to release the shock wave of light from fist. Her martial arts penetrates the body of the witch King, and blows a third of the head of Vandalou.

“Well, you won...?”

“I don’t mind it! Jennifer, the messenger continues to move!”

Hearing the voices of Heinz, Jennifer was able to move his body and hit the attack of the King of Use. I noticed it. It is said that the main body is also alive because it is moving the demons of Vandaloo.

“Oh, I always share it!”

The Jennifer explores where the main body of Vandalu is.

"No"

"This is what you attacked"

"My body is now."

However, she was a real vandaloo that blowed a third of her head. The fusion of the small mercy of the head. The brain, eyes and hair were restored.

“Wow!? Is it flat even if you are blowing your head?”

However, when Vandaloo was able to move the body, the brain was destroyed.

Vanderou is thinking with soul and controls the body. The brain is only a subsystem to help him. Although it is important, it is not necessary to survive, it is also possible to play.

Therefore, there is no rush in Vanderou. Im ately play, even if the brain is crushed, stinged the heart, and broken the lungs. Even if the whole body is dusted, it is necessary to make other demons.

If the opponent is another enemy that can attack the soul directly like Vanderou, but if not, he is virtually undead.

"Boss! Now I got an attack!?"

"High power"

Vandaloo, who is supposed to have become indefinite, was aware that the power of attack against himself in the face of "five-colored blade" is too high.

Heinz, of course, is expected to be stronger when Jennifer was fighting Dark Avalon before.

However, the power of the previous attack exceeds expectations.

You can see that the honey is strong. He is a holy sword who defeated Gudulanis, and he is a bellwood for it. It is not as good as defeating the King of the use.

But once again, Jennifer and Deliza aren’t as much as Heinz, but they’re defeating the King.

And I think that it was not possible to make a part of it, and if you take a proper attack with the body, it is the power of it. When I think about what it is, the cause was the weapon that "five-colored blades" and ... Vanderou himself.

“Vandaloo is great, all the samurai samurai samurai samurai belongs to Bellwood. It seems that it is made by a man for a new breed of VIDA, such as vampire, and [Witch King's Flaw].

As Gwhadghan dwelled in the back of Vandaloo, Jennifer was the Amidst  country and changed his arms. It’s a sanctuary, a sanctuary, and a sanctuary built by Bellwood after defeating the King Gudulanis.

In modern times, there aren’t many people, but Berwood is also producing saint sword nemesis bells, such as after Alda sealed the vida, which is a mass production type for the new breed of Vida.

After the war, the マld of the adventurer, as Nine Road became the foundation of Taymarルドld, Berwood used the life span extending to Alda to enhance his arms as a alchemist and craftsman, leaving the saint arms to fight against [the 片mb of the Witch] and the new breed of Wicked Ugly Vida.

There is no doubt that Jennifer is equipped with Bellwood. It is not a mass production like Nemesis Bell. This is one of the most famous bellwood techniques in the time.

That’s not all. It is the biggest cause that I got close to Gudulanis.

Vandaloo was too much slaughter in the short time of the soul of Gudulanis. In particular, it was caused by absorbing the [magic power] of Gudulanis and [nucleus], and the quality of the body and magic changed to something similar to Gudulanis.

For this reason, [arm technique] released by the samurai of Jennifer has become effective.

Heinz’s suspicion: Gdulanis, which Vandalu had to ghetti, is a majestic change, to be backed by his soul and body.

I checked my soul again if it was not in battle, but it was not time.

“How much is it?”

“I mean, I don’t know what to do.”

Vandaloo uses his head fragments to transform them into the magical king.

“Nothing! There’s nothing next!”

"I'm sorry, jennifer! I can defeat if I attack calmly!"

“I know you!”

振 the fist, as Jennifer used to be the King. The shield is close to the hue, but the fist that has been installed in her saint has to crush the shield and crush the head of the hue.

[Iron Wall]

However, Jennifer’s fists were 盾ped into the shield, but they were unable to crush them.

】

"What!? [Yanagi]!"

Take the counter and pay the attack of the wand held by the wizard.

“I’ve gotten a にendous amount of time!”

"No, Jennifer! The enemy's contents started using tools!"

As Dianabol pointed out, Vandalou used samurai arms. Even if they are weakened by their own holy weapons, their weapons are swaying, and they are swaying as shields and canes.

The magic item of mythology. “The shield was ab  by preventing it once.”

In other words, the shield with the ruins of the jenifer's fist is changed and restored with [Goム世].

"It's the name of the saint fist that can be prevented by just a metal plate! [True, Imのately]! [Serial kick]!"

However, Jennifer increased the reflective nerve and repeatedly kicks like a spear at high speed, and then penetrated the shield of the King.

】

And he defeated the shield and defeated the demons.

"It seems that the person who made the armor from the shield is a mess."

However, there is a lot of use. The skull of Vandalu's skull, which she himself had crushed earlier, turns the skull into the body before.

“I don’t have a piece of art to continue to use it!”

However, it will be broken down immediately. The saint sword of Bellwood has been pulled several steps from other samurai.

"The number is power." Well, I’m not alone because I’m still my own.

"But it is not weaker than the main body because it is separate"

"[Drawer / Extreme], [Drawer / Extreme], [Drawer / Extreme]"

Vandaloo is now expanding the use demons, unlike the use demons that were placed in the first fake Tarosム, there was a lot of use demons of the shape close to the humanoid. It is because there was no need to use the tool as well as the body that was made by the m。. There are three to six arms.

"[Jintetsu Wall]! It's a few steps stronger than the battled demons."

Prevents the shields from coming out as the derザ flows. The shock transmitted from the shield is like a giant, and she must stop the movement.

“Yes, I wanted to hear a few things before.” I would like to come back as soon as I answered the question.

“What is it?”

“I’m talking to Nine Road where I stayed in my shield rather than before.” Minimize the attack on the Deliza while talking. Contact Us

While fighting Jennifer on the main body with the genius, Vandaloo will not take care of the question to Nine Road, repeating the attack so that it does not like the derザ, talk through the genius.

“Do you swear that Nine Road will stop interfering with ground events and only maintain the world in the future?”

“...I think it’s a surrender recommendation rather than asking questions? Then, “What should I do here?”

Nine Road, which was silent, responded to the thought. I have not answered the question.

“I heard this conversation inside the boundary mountain range. In addition, if you hit this way, you will understand the配 of the semi-large god.

......You said, “I am not interested as an individual.”

Nain Road is aウッド who was a member of Berwood and is a representative of the Wind Attribute of Arda. There is no room to wonder what Alda powers are. It is unnatural if it is not ally.

That’s why it’s an enemy, but Vandaloo doesn’t have a direct grief on her, and it’s not just about extinguishing it, but it’s not possible to have a significant impact on the global maintenance.

So, if you run away from Deliza and become an adult from now, you can do it as Vandaloo.

The Alda force lost the tool called Amid Sacred States is no longer possible to scratch the world as ever. For those who are devoted to work in the area of God, Vanderoos are airy, but they are not visible, and they are usually not aware of their existence.

Firstly, there is a fusion of the Vida family in the past.

...... I had to follow the request of Alda, but I missed her in Orbaum to Amid and made a chance to the Holy War.

There is no embarrassment to throw it here.

However, Nine Road rejected surrendering recommendations from the indifference of Vandaloo.

She continued to be in the Alda and attempted to defeat Vanderou, and it was to re編成e the "Ramda" world. She thought that she had to change the power diagram of God.

I didn’t think that way until just a few years ago.

No matter how many mistakes you have made in the past, you can’t return the time.

Don’t just break the current process to just make mistakes. And if you do not do something that can not break the world, you can not make mistakes.

If it is wrong, it is only necessary to keep the world now and try to make it a little while repeating mistakes.

It’s just a killer to save the patient’s life and do large surgery for a long time without preparing blood transfusion. And she cannot prepare transfusion.

There are only alda, rodocolte and gods.

In that case, she noticed that Bellwood had to sleep in conjunction with the sinners. In the past 50,000 years, I had a hand that seems to be lazy and correct answer, but the hand that assumed the mistake that I had committed in the past was a snooping, and it was a mistake that was close to the correct answer.

The situation has changed because Vandalou expressed its existence and embedded the Vida family that had a great impact on the world.

To this end, Alda’s strength leads the human society, and Vida’s sighs away in other places. It started to break down the condition of the Koy。 that I kept.

Vandalu is the representative of the past Vida family ... If you die in the middle of the road like Dampir's "Membership King" Verd, etc., then you can be divided into two minutes to the enemy side, Nine Road was intuition that this world can not bear.

...... Actually, Rodo Corte once, and Alda, who is still not known, has revived Gudulanis twice. If Vandaloo defeated Gudulanis, the world would be destroyed.

In order to prevent it, it is only possible to 。 early without decreasing Alda forces and Vida conflicts for hundreds of years.

It must be praised not only the gods, but also the eyes of people who do not know anything on the ground.

In order to do so, the winners will be born with a number of dinosaurs, and they will become a new god and contribute to the maintenance of the world.

And the defeated side loses faith from people and disappears slowly without regaining the power to fight again.

In the past few hundred years, God is re編ed into one force.

"I'll lend my strength to them and fight before." Not allowed

Nine Road also understands that it is thin to win Alda power. However, it is not possible to go back to the enemy because the win is thin. Vandaloo is the way to slow suicides for hundreds to thousands of years.

After all, Nine Road did not agree to Vida's behavior.

If you are a member of the Alda Force, you will be able to do your best for victory with those who dedicate the Gods of Alda.

』

“How about the two of you?”

The voice of Nine Road did not feel a  or hate, but remembered strong ambition and rejection, Vandaloo asked Jennifer and Diana for confirmation.

“I don’t want to kill me if you don’t want to do it.”

For Vanderou, two are just enemies that are not neglected. I don't remember the hatred by the  .

It will be helpful to live outside the vision of Vandalu in peace and Seren, returning to the Duchess of Fazon.

“Is it possible for my colleagues to bet their lives, but they can only run away!”

“We’re the five-colored blades!”

However, two people were rejected. However, I thought it would be.

"I see, I know."

"I think there will be a sense of consciousness and pride ..."

"It is a strong person stepping on a weak person."

At the same time, Vandalou gave up the soul by acting on the [S。 s。pted demons].

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――

〇Job explanation: Written by Nergal Luciliano

According to my master, this job represents Nergal, who is the god of the sun and death on Earth. He seems to be Ereshkigal's husband, but his relationship with Legion's Ereshkigal is unknown.

As for the effects of the job, it's unclear whether it feels like I'm more resistant to dryness, or that the power of my magic to dry or burn something has increased, as these are all subjective testimonies from my master.

〇Job explanation: Spiritualist written by Luciliano

A job that can loosen, change shape, and prepare the target's spirit body or soul. It is more like a medical procedure than a means of attack, and it is difficult to use it directly in battle. Corrections will also be made to divine spiritual skills.

Also, according to my master, I can only manipulate memories and treat mental imbalances to a certain extent. ...It seems possible if you don't mind changing one madness into another, or changing your personality due to a blank memory.

However, it may be possible if you get to know the master in a so-called "normal" state and receive divine protection, and if you perform the treatment immediately...The problem is that there are very few "normal" people who know the master.

〇Job Description: Void God Magician Written by Luciliano

An even higher-ranking job than the non-attribute magician's higher-ranking job. I don't think there is anyone else in history who has mastered non-attribute magic to this extent other than my master.

〇Job explanation: Neo Vandalieu written by Luciliano

Vandalieu's top job. A job that represents a more neo-like Vandalieu. Even for those who have taken the Vandalieu job, it is not easy to reach Vandalieu in this realm.

・Name: Heinz

・Race: Race

・Age: 30 (appears to be 20 years old)

・Two names: [Blue Flame Sword] [New Vampire Hunter] [Sword Saint] [Those who cut through the darkness] [Sacred Mother Killer] [Enemy of the Goddess] [Breaking the Chains of Sin] (NEW!) [Hero of Alda] (NEW!) [Enemy of the True Demon King] (NEW!)

・Job: Heroic Swordsman

・Level: 20

・Job History: Warrior Apprentice, Warrior, Swordsman, Magic Sword User, Demon Warrior, Holy Warrior, Avenger, Sword Saint, Holy Guide, Demonic Swordsman, Holy Sword User, Immortal Killer, Light Life Magician, Undead Slayer, Great Sword Saint, Demon Punisher, Light Life Swordsman, Hero Swordsman, Holy Spirit Warrior, Heroic Spirit Swordsman, Hero God Warrior

・Ability value

Vitality: 191,158 (104,358UP!)

Magic power: 74,711+(14,942) (22,186UP!)

Power: 23,285 (12,485UP!)

Agility: 29,336 (14,827 UP!)

Physical strength: 28,408 (13,448UP!)

Intelligence: 20,005 (10,143UP!)

・Passive skills

All ability value increase: Maximum (Awakening & UP from all ability value increase!)

Abnormal status resistance: 10Lv (UP!)

All attribute resistance: 10Lv

Increased attack power when equipped with a sword: Maximum (Awakening & UP from increased attack power when equipped with a sword!)

Magic power usage reduction: 10Lv

Presence detection: 9Lv (UP!)

Ability value increase when equipped with metal armor: Medium (Awakening & UP from ability value increase when equipped with metal armor!)

Guidance: Holy Path: 5Lv

Magic power increase: 2Lv

・Active skills

Shining God Sword Technique: 5Lv (Awakening & UP from Shining God Sword Technique!)

Holy light armor technique: 10Lv (UP!)

Hasei: 10Lv (Awakening & UP from transcending limits!)

Holy sword limit transcendence: 7Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 10Lv

Light divine magic: 2Lv (Awakening & UP from light attribute magic!)

Living god magic: 2Lv (Awakening & UP from life attribute magic!)

Non-attribute magic: 3Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 10Lv (UP!)

Cleric: 7Lv (UP!)

Heroic Spirit Advent: 10Lv (Awakening & UP from Heroic Spirit Advent!)

Etiquette: 4Lv

Magic armor limit breakthrough: 5Lv (UP!)

Chant discarded: 3Lv (UP!)

Demolition: 1Lv (NEW!)

Magic fighting technique: 8Lv (NEW!)

Magic armor limit breakthrough: 5Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

No Life Killer: 1Lv

Alda's Blessing: The Fate of the Great Hero

Evil Suppression: 6Lv

Blessing of the Alda Force Gods (NEW!)

Hero Deification (NEW!)

The scheduled update date has passed (pronounced)

I'll do my best to post the next episode on December 9th.