Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 363: Chaos seems to remain until autumn

Thank you for your understanding.

A week after Gudulanis fell. In Orbaum, the reconstruction of the city has progressed with incredible speeds, the castle walls, the castle gates, and the ルドlds are reconstructed and the expression of relief is returned between people.

However, the housing situation has changed significantly.

"I want to live here?"

"Yes, please!"

It is a customer who continues to live here. What is working here?

"I know! I do anything with cleaning the deck! Please put it!"

Thank you for your understanding.

On the deck of Kwatoro, we thought that "Shimizu Shisen-cho" had a pair of arms. This is part of the people who rescued Quattro.

When you hear the story, they work under merchants, apprentices of use, and the lower edges of the chimpira, which seems to be very cruel and snorkeling in the workplace.

And those who have been rescued away from the severity of the lord, they are taking advantage of this opportunity to escape from the lord and人生 new life.

However, because it seems to be easier than in the previous workplace, it is not sweet enough to accept what you want to change due to the reason that "Shikai Shisen-cho" is not sweet.

"It's not so easy to work here." Nanise Vandalou is a person who does not hesitate to shake the power. It is also a military ship. It is natural that you will be able to live with the ship if you want to.

“Of course!”

It seems that there is no place to be active in the predecessors starting from the work. In addition, it is forced to work for eight hours a day depending on the life of Vandaloo! Moreover, if you take a holiday every week, and if you work more, you will receive overtime and leave work allowance!

"Kukku, but the restriction will be exempted in emergencies such as this time, but it will still be received later. It’s a privilege for managers to work like above! It seems that you are a decade earlier!

It’s only a three-course meal of rice and a four-seater bed that can be guaranteed instead! I don’t have special treatment if it’s a woman! Why do you want to work here?

"Yes, thank you!"

The working conditions of the aristocrat and the working conditions of the aristocrat are not uncommon to work more than twenty hours a day, and the holiday is not fundamental. There shouldn’t be a handful.

It is common sense to use the same room for multiple people.

And it is not unusual to have a hard time with food such as the bottom of the chimpira.

The conditions presented by the Dead Sea Four-Seater for those who have sent such a life were like 。.

“If you’re here, you’ll have to work from today! You’ll be in touch with us at the place of the hiring in front of you.”

"Oh, let's go out to the deck! You have to clean the deck early!"

Yes! Well, new crews will go up on the deck. After that, I was asked to rotate a huge eyeball because there was no neck.

"It seems to have been easier than I thought, but is it good? "

"No, it's good, I'm not sure that I can't say to the boss."

Vandaloo is the absolute Lord for them, and is the Creator for Quattro. If you say "Thank you," you should not do it.

That’s right. ...... More than that, I said that the manager’s overtime is not limited, but should I take a holiday?



"I have a break from this week.

When you stretch your手を , you can restrain and pull them down.

“A, I’m killing to rest on the Undead!”

There were many people who did not come out even in shelters other than Quattro. In Silky Thekart Mansion, a 族 who wishes to change jobs from a curious aristocratic family has continued, saying, “If you need it, it will be undeaded now!”

...... "I'm going to pull out the house!" I've dealt with the aristocratic who is angry.

The dungeon for evacuation is the minimum necessary for the interior of the building, but the furniture is arranged, so it is easier to live for those who have lived in the city than outside. For this reason, there were few people who want to live here even after leaving. However, since it is still a dungeon, it is necessary to make a draw between the monsters to live for a long time. Even in Vandalou dungeon, the magic that the soul is not inn occurs. And if you leave it without removing it, it will be overflowing outside. Then, the spirit that drifts out of the dungeon dungeon dungeon dungeon dungeon dangeon dangeon dangeon dangeon dangeon dangeon dangeon

For this reason, the person who wishes to go out of the evacuation shelter, and suddenly lived in the temporary housing Kunchen House. It is a temporary housing that has a clean。s because it is comfortable and white because it is not sounding "Oo-ohon" from time to time.

In both advanced and advanced aristocratic cities, the財産avation of property by the aristocratic people is progressing rapidly. There are also works of art such as household goods and paintings, and assets that guarantee the status as a noble, and hidden assets that want to be back, so they are desperate.

The residence of the Urugen Terkatanis was掘avated by the escort, and it became a foothold of the remnants of furniture.

In addition, King Cobite announced that it will fund the reconstruction of the property and land掘avated from the remnants of the residence of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceased House of the deceaseds.

The former slum town has already completed the building and the interior construction is completed. Each business meeting originally opened in Orbaum sends hot eyes to the rental store.

The name of the district was avoided to be named Vanderou for political reasons. As a result, the new commercial district named Zakart City will be the pillar to create the economy of Orbaum that collapsed with the incident.

The antenna shop of Vidal Magic Empire is located here. There are several台lls, and the square where台lls can be eaten is scheduled to be   with daemons, undeads, andヴィlls that are open by the new breed of Vida.

The city of Zakart became the Vidal Magic Empire city in Orbaum and became the largest facility for national exchange in the Kingdom of choice.

The A-class adventurous party, roaring swordsman, who had been asked by Sele、 and her escort, was back to the Duchess of FAZON.

Since the contact from the "five-colored blades" left behind by Nine Road, Heinz will return to the Duke of Fazon, the relationship between individuals and Alda.

Vandaloo, who heard it, said honestly, "It was good". If you are a refuge, you are asking a noble and temple officials who were the Lord of Cobite King to drop the reputation of Alda and the "five-colored blade". For this reason, if the sele  who is the edge of "five-colored blades" continues to stay in Orbaum, you will be disliked.

However, it is said that it is necessary to adjust so that it does not develop into a ra  or a ra  incident targeted by Alda believers, and not to attempt to attack or assassinate the Sele達 with the intention of earning points to Vanderou. In the latter case, he said, “If you run, you can survive the bones of the whole body and pull them out.”

Vandalou himself is going to shine. It is a public opinion that I think completely.

"I've been happy to hear from you."

Vandaloo usually responded to Sele , which is to conceal tension or feelings, or to conceal young people with a hard look.

“Now, it is the Duchess of Jahan that you operated a shelter that you evacuated. I don't have anything special

Vandaloo was surprised by his inner heart. There is no "five-colored blade" nearby, and no wrath or harassment to the sele。 or honeycomb.

However, it is impossible to determine whether the mind of Vandalu is not readable to the Sele , and it is refusaled to be cold, or it is only handled administratively.

We have prepared a variety of dishes that are suspicious. Please take it.

So, in the diagram of Vandalou, a four-headed horse carriage comes out from the hole that [transition gate] opens in the open space.

Of course it is not a sam. It is an ordinary horse carriage horse with just a horse carriage.

"There are also household essentials in the packing table. Please feel free to contact us.

"It's not. I was worried about how the town could get the things you need to travel in this way."

Rembrandt, the leader of roaring swordsman, tells the words of app。。 in the amazing situation. It is difficult to procure goods necessary for travel, as well as horse carriages in Orbaum now, so it is thin because it is collected to use for reconstruction of Orbaum in neighboring cities and villages.

Vandalou also prepared in the city of Moxie using [transition]. ...... I would like to travel from Orbaum to Sele .

“What’s it?”

A member of the roaring sword, who looked into the hood covered, noticed a coffin placed separately from the place where the luggage was covered.

This is the remains of Edgar of Ash Blade. I think it’s good to be funeral or somewhere because it’s saved in magic.”

The corpse of Edgar, whose head was blown off by Vanderou's magic and dropped to the ground. Vandaloo was recovered after the battle ended.

And it was repaired and saved to the coffin to understand that it was the corpse of Edgar.

"Edgar Brother!"

Sele , who heard the name of Edgar, came to the carriage of the horse.

“...... Thick, painful”

Rembrandt said that instead of Sele , but Vandaloo lying the neck "No".

“I don’t care about it because it doesn’t have a big deal.”

In order to ensure the death of Edgar, there is also a purpose to make a dialogue that prevents people’s expectations for ‘five-colored blades’, prevents them from becoming tedious when they come out, and even those who aren’t concerned about their bodies will not make undecided. It is not just because I was sorrowed by Edgar’s friend.

The soul of Edgar is already destroyed by Vandalou himself. There is no possibility of revival even if there is only a dead body.

Even if it is undead, the inside must use another spirit, so the performance will fall dramatically. Therefore, the second roast of Martina will not be used.

Thank you. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

When the sixth road appeared and Gduranis revived, he used the evacuation center, and it was a rembrandt fighting with the fellow Vanderou, but I thought it was possible because the situation was difficult.

However, when Vandalou warns us that he should come to Orbaum to Heinz through the King.

The will of the cold rejection that is released from the Crab-like use witch King. And the consciousness jumps, the more 怒ent the body動く. They were shocked enough to think that they were hated by Vandaloo, a friend of honey.

He doesn’t know that Vandalou is required by the Cobite King to drop his reputation. However, it was just a bitter smile when I knew it. If you’re wondering, it’s because you’re going to fall down even if you don’t have any reputation.

Vanderlus and the “five-colored blade” fight against Gudulanis who revived and Edgar defeated the King. Many people in Orbaum know what to do in the fight.

However, when the King was defeated, he was not the God of God of Life and Love, but the God of Life and Love, and the blessing was not Heinz, but Vandalou.

Heinz's "five-colored blades" disappeared from Orbaum after the battle, but Vandalou remains and is spared to reconstruction and reconstruction (in fact, not the power). with Vida’s new family, undead and daemon.

If there is a difference, people tilt to nature and Vanderou side. Heinz was a S-class adventurer. The power relationship of the temple will not change easily. However, this incident should continue to give people too much shock to change things that are not easy to change.

And if the influence of Vanderouts continues to remain in Orbaum, it will become a solid flow and will push the people who want to stay.

It is because there are people who borrow the left and the power than God who does not do anything.

“I thought I hated you, but it’s true.”

The roaring swordsmanship and the sele。 are not the neglect, even the neglect or fellow. Vandaloo reconfirmed it.

In the rye of Gordan Kojisai and the former “five-colored blades” “green spear”, he drew his social evaluation thoroughly after killing him. But now I don’t like to do the same thing with Edgar.

There is also a reason why I got a social position, so I thought that I could be wrong with others. There is also a reason that you want to avoid the rebellion of Alda believers in the Kingdom of Orbaum due to excessively affecting enemies.

However, the most important thing is for self-happiness.

“I’m tired of feeling something to the relatives and friends who comm。rate the death of the man, regardless of the person himself or the person who evaluates the things that we have made us.

I want to do more in the mountains.

“Oh, yeah, that’s right.”

Don’t misunderstand it because it doesn’t hate anything else. If you look at the problem, it will help someone else who is not loving ... It will be the degree of induction to evacuation centers and melting supplies that can afford, but it will not be a problem to go to see the appearance over the eyes."

“No, it’s too much enough... I think you’re better than you’re doing it yourself.”

After opening and closing the eyelid several times, Vandaloo said.

“I’m just acting along my conscience.”

On the day of the morning, Vandaloo had a consultation meeting at Zakart Plaza. There are a wide range of concerns about the people of Orbaum, such as consultations about the reconstruction business,工事 of construction, sales of merchants who want to rent a rental store in Zakart City, and life consultations such as how to establish a Vandalu statue, and how to receive a daemon.

I was one of the consultants who received consultations for such people. ......Although the use of daemons and deceased demons, he is also in charge of construction.

[Gorem世] is the fastest way to restore the structure, but if you do that, you may have problems with your life later, and you want to make your own effort to the people of Orbaum, and you are self-heaving because it is another country.

“How do you think about it? Vandaloo! What did you do?”

。  

The first consultation with Vandalou was Miriam and Amelia Saulon.

“Milliam, but I want to hear what I did?”

First of all, she confessed a meaningful thing when she talked to Miriam.

"If you try to change job! ...... [British 士or] was born. I’m a conductor, and I’m a conductor whose name was left behind in my hometown. I’m a copper statue in my hometown. I’m not a conductor, but I’m a conductor!

Miriam earned a 士ding job. Vanderlust, Kanako and Zadilis followed by four eyes.

"I think it's funny if Artサー and Simon become a 士ding person, but you can only say "Is this time coming?"

“What’s it?”

Don’t卑 yourself. I’m listening to your success. It’s a very good idea.

Thank you. But...

Miriam is encouraged to have a low self-evaluation in the meeting. However, Miriam is not convinced to cover the face.

“When I was the first time, I thought that I was.”

“I think Vandaloo is reasonable.”

"Yes, you"

“...I don’t agree with it.”

For a friend who is worried about, Vandaloo said his own guess.

“This is my guess, but Miriam was wearing Artサーs before.” After coming to Orbaum, he worked as a leader in multiple candidates for Hendriksen. Do you have any preaching memories?

“I’ve been conf、 by Mr. Hendriksen about Rodo Corte, so I’m sorry, but that’s it?”

"I think that's it. It's up to the listener to me. I don’t think it’s something I’m talking about, but it’s how much I’m imp ed by the listener.

Vandaloo doesn’t know what Miriam said at that time. However, the idea of “God makes mistakes,” “I don’t rely on God, and to balance the world of respect” was something fresh and new to people around the world.

God is a great existence for this world. Apply to the selected skin and send it. We will give great  and advice in the form of deity.

It’s hard to imagine that God makes mistakes and fails. If you think historically, you can’t have enough power to protect the world from the king, and you have to summon the勇 from the other world, “Fail”. However, many temples teach this as "Eiken".

Because it is true to ordinary people, it is not impossible to see God more strongly by Hendriksen who is taking care and entrustment from God.

However, Miriam directly knows Vanderlus and Dalcia (from time to time), Rvezfor and Taros. That’s why we grew up with nature and the idea of “do not rely on God.”

In addition, it is important not only to see the gods of Artサーs and Vida, but also to see the candidates of Hendriksen and Alda.

Miriam has become an English conductor because it is recognized to preach the thought regardless of the sect.

“But if it’s true, Artサー’s needs to be everyone, and Randrph’s...”

"The Artサー is not preached by Hendriksen and Dr. Randrph is basically iso。, so I think it is difficult.

So, did you think that the cause of the recent conductor job was in me?

"No, I thought I would like to try a strange curse like Zadilis ..."

"...Becoming a 士ding person, I'll be able to get more 士ding job in Miriam."

"Wow! Vandaru's surprisingly bad!"

I saw Miriam running and Vandalu with my friend.

“Where is Ameria?”

“Zadillis are all議ed to you, but I can’t do it only.”

"Amelia, I'm not血ing, because it's blood sucking."

“We asked Eleonola to be the same for vampire people.”

“No, it’s like a person?”

“Is it like you?”

A blood-ab ing action for vampire is a meal, and it is also an expression of love hate. However, there are individual differences. In the case of vandaloo...by blood absorption.

When I remembered my覚えer, I felt like I picked wild plants that can be eaten, and when I drink Dalcia and Belmond blood, I remember deep gra。 and satisfaction.

When I drink the blood of zadilis, it is necessary, but of course the latter.

"It's just like that, but you may have problems with physical condition. Zadilis and Amelia are different in the body.

The value of life force is overwhelmingly different. Amelia has been revered by Vandalou, but it has not yet been a D-class adventurer. It is a good progress if you think that you have been convicted in a private room until a few months ago.

“...Is it just a little bit more?”

However, I cannot refuse it. Vandalou pulled out the existing bradposion, then stretched the tongue and stinged the tip to the blood。 of the hemeria.

......

“What do you do with your mother during the day?”

Her daughter and the leader of the party that Vandalou belongs to, Elizabeth Saulon rushed.

。   It’s fast to see.”

“If you are a mother, don’t go outside!”

“Well, it’s not uncommon for men and women to connect their hands outside and restrain with legs and spreads.”

“I’m just a 蔓 with my legs!”

Elizabeth scolded the members of the real mother and the father and adventurer party of the righteousness, and it seems to have made his own requirements in the force of "more!".

"The dungeon that released the magic in the Orbaum. I asked the adventurer ルドld to explore it. What is it?

“Oh, I asked me.”

“Why?? I’m still a student at an adventurous school, and institutionally, I’m a F class!”

The adventurous school is known as a preliminary school, but the adventurous 習ld’s institutional apprenticeship will not change. Therefore, the student is prohibited unless the teacher draws out of the dungeon controlled by the school.

It's okay. Dr. Randolph has a draw rate. The adventurer ルドld asked me without it.

However, the rules should not be twisted by the power of Vanderou.

“Indeed, the pressure to the ルドlds to the teacher who was a S-class adventurer, but what do you do? I think it is necessary to investigate that dungeon, but it is not a ripe person who likes to eat, but it is also a guilty of the ハートld warrior ... It is not useful for people under the department.”

Elizabeth is excellent among the students of the preparatory school, but it is still the same as the C-class adventurer. The dungeon survey is too heavy that can be easily defeated by A-class adventurers. ...... If you have Randolph, a S-class adventurer, and Vandaloo, you will have no problem.

But it’s just a good story to get to Randurf and Vanderou. There is no need for Elizabeth.

"No, it will be a review of Elizabeth and it will be an alternative to long-term search practice of the dungeon that has been canceled."

Long-term search practice is a practice that spends a week in a dungeon at a pre-school. It was scheduled in summer, but it was canceled due to this incident.

“Since the school is still closed for a while, let’s keep up with the power and keep up with Alex at the end of the school. It’s a chance to take a break.

“Oh, you’re still going to go to school!”

She was surprised to see why Elizabeth was required to investigate dungeons or why Elizabeth had to be.

Vandaloo, the savior of the Vidal Empire, and the savior of the King of the Devil, was going to continue his preliminary school.

"It's like that. Even if you have a unit, graduation is autumn. Let’s work hard to achieve graduation.

“If you say to the principal teacher who wants to try pressure on the adventurer ルドld, you can immediately graduate from the principal seat!”

"Eri-chan! I don't allow such a horrible thing mom! Graduate with your own power. I can do it. You?

“Yes, Elizabeth”

Thank you. But that’s not the case, my mother! How do you do it, the state operation, and the reconstruction business? There are many things to do later!? There is a time to do a student!?

"There is no problem because it is in concurrent行. It is okay to make time. ...... Fortunately, I'm going to increase my number."

Perhaps the principal of Meolilis wants to graduate even now, but Vandalu seems to continue to study until Elizabeth screams.

It seems that the chaos that occupy Orbaum will remain in the shortest until autumn.

――――――――――――――――――――

〇Job Description: Underworld God Magician Written by Luciliano

A job that seems to be a higher rank job than [Death Attribute Magician] and [Dark King Magician]. It is not unusual for a job even higher than a higher-level job to appear. For example, [Axeman], [Axe Master], [Great Ax Master], etc. like Vigaro.

However, it is extremely rare for someone to awaken not only a job but also a skill that is even higher than a higher level skill.

〇Job explanation: Dark Demon King written by Luciliano

It is probably a job that can be taken up by someone with experience in the [Demon King] job who has tamed a large number of undead. However, we can't think of a demon lord who can't use death-attribute magic...but there's no record of Guduranis particularly liking the creation and use of undead, so that's probably the case.

〇Job explanation: Tenmaden written by Luciliano

It seems to be a job that allows you to store an army within your body, or a job that allows you to create clones or servants from your own body that can be used as a fighting force.

Both jobs are difficult for anyone other than a master to hold. I'm a little curious about what would have happened if I had taken this job before taking on [Qliphoth].

The next story will be updated on March 5th regarding mitigation.

Also, March 5th is the scheduled update date for the comic version of my work. If you like, please view it on Niconico Seiga or Comic Walker.