Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 334: Changing clinic and family picnic

The fourth day after the hospitalization. The atmosphere of the 精神 try is changing.

In the building that seemed to be an indefinite prison, there was a mix of lively and brightness that something is fatally wrong.

"Good morning, teacher"

Before Vandalou came to the hospital, patients who had broken their minds and divided into multiple personalities were greeted with the doctor with a gentle face like a saint.

“Oh, you’re here?”

What do you say? I'm my

At first, he was a doctor who thought that he had a new personality. I was surprised and asked why he was cured.

It's easy. We met God. God guided me while crying. And he said to me, “First, talk.”

We talked with us in。 with that word. I talked about me and me and discussed who we are right, and I examined what I was wrong with me and discussed what we should do.

As a result, we reached the truth that I am."

"...so, it's not."

This is not complete but worse. The person in charge decided to give instructions to increase the amount of medicine to be drunk to the patient.

“I don’t think that you are a teacher?”

However, the patient who should be in front of me was talking from the side and the doctor was frozen.

“What is the time of the medicine?”

“I don’t like that.  

“I don’t want to say to me, I am.”

I'm drinking. I want to play

I'm always. I don't like it. I'll push it to me.

What is this?

And the visibility of the doctor was filled with countless patients. The same voice in the same face. However, it looks like a group of different people whose face and mouth are different. But everyone is the same person.

"I'll look like a teacher, I'm"

And the patient's saying "we" ... his personality was screaming and escaped from his wardroom.

"Teacher, please ask us. We are waiting for you.

The patient's voice was thrown on his back, but his own scream was loud and he didn't enter the ear of the doctor.

In addition, patients who believed that they are devils began to train their muscles in the uterus or gynecological room.

I was wrong. He said, I'm human. And if you train your body, you will be more than human beings! Let’s take your predecessor like a bug!

While I thought that it was a devil, it was a sad patient, but now I became a dangerous person to train while repeating dangerous speech.

In addition, patients such as幻, young men, and women who were suffering from illusion to kill themselves seem to be suddenly facing the way they are.

The girl started to eat with his own hands, and the man began to say that he wanted to study, and the woman did not hear the hallucinations.

At the same time, the girl promised that. I'm reborn. But for this reason, it is necessary to be able to withstand the rebirth. Let's become an adult step by step. I'm saying, "Let's start from studying," the woman said, "I'm not scared anymore. For example, this moment is killed. I will become a demons and revenge. They said, “I blessed my hatred.”

Everyone is a patient with no curiosity. There is no opportunity to meet him after he was hospitalized. The watch is always placed in front of the Vanderou room and he is not allowed to go out. The examination is carried out in the ward room. There are no signs of evidence that the moment you leave the room, the person who sees the site where the patient meets.

However, I thought that Vandalu was involved in the hospital side. If you are pregnant, the patient has changed.

In addition, patients are called “he” and “grother” that have changed their lives. After all, it seems that Vandaloo is entangled.

"But it is dangerous to contact directly. Already a doctor ... I was taken up"

The doctor and the chief priest of the hospital discussed.

“Oh, Phover Tone Doctor?” I saw that patient and said that he was unable to take care of him.

“After that, I was told that I should immediately leave the hospital... after receiving a large amount of、 from the introduction letter from the Duchess of Alcム...”

“Where is he now?”

"It's his room." ......In the corner of the first floor

Dr. Hoover Tone, who examined Vanderou, had to examine him because he was appointed a Vanderou's chief doctor. I didn’t know how to use my hands, but I didn’t know what to do.

I have abandoned my duties and vice versa, but in the case of the首, my neck ... It is also possible to physically skip the neck in this院.

Many of the patients who are hospitalized are members of the aristocratic family. Mental disease ... I have not actually been sick, but I have lost my memory. You may have heard it by a doctor or a staff, giving away unfair information for your family.

The salary here is rude to stop it. However, humans who have not re、ed here will be enclosed in a way other than gold.

I want to avoid Hoover. Therefore, I examined Vanderou without any effort.

Then, Dr. Hoover Tone, who had a医師dow from usual, suddenly laughed and talked to his colleagues and staff to Frank.

The chief of the hospital rushed to call him and asked what he had. He answered with a smile.

I just talked. I said that he was crazy, but it was wrong. He is not mad... it is different from us. Because the life span is different between human and elf, the sense of time is レed. That’s the same. However, it is only a large amount of zure compared to the case of human species and elf.

I apologized him for it. Then he received my apology and asked him to talk about it. I talk to him all

At the time of hearing so far, the chief of the hospital ordered Hoover Tone and tied to the staff. And he gave instructions to treat him as a patient, not a doctor, and supervised the room.

"Now, I'm looking at the scene, but if I'm thinking about returning to him, I'll get suicide." Unfortunately, in that state, I have to do so to seal my mouth."

The doctors and the priests, who were told in a severe mouth, had a bad face color. They know that they have been treated and suicide.

“How does Vandaloo Zakart do more than that? I’m disliked and I’m in charge of him!”

"I'm also me!"

Next, after Hoover, doctors and priests who aim to become a candidate for two dances. Since they have been working at the Psy try, they sometimes hear that the doctor suffers from the influence of the patient. However, Vandalou had something that could not know more.

"Vandalu is good! He left alone with monitoring." Just double the number of people. Amelia Sauron, especially for other patients. She has to do the drug "

“Amelia Saulon? It seems to be a good way, but how do I get my patients?”

“My patients are abnormal! I’m getting my arms and belly muscles.”

“Yes! Your patients are not going to the way they are good, but they have just passed away in another direction! Amelia Saulon is going to the way they are good! He is asked to keep the pathology from the Count!

We can’t develop our credibility problem!

Problems with patients who are facing the way they are comfortable. In the first place, this 院、try is used as a facility to supervise the life of aristocratic and 商 merchants who are poorly heard, and to die people who have become unsuitable.

There was a time to recover the patient as a medical institution, but at least the state continues before the director of the hospital was appointed.

Therefore, it is first to be cured by those who have been asked to continue to be supervised by ordinary patients.

You can only lose yourムs from Riem Sands. However, it is a problem if the information is情報がagated from the Count to other nobles and loses trust. If you lose the trust as an in ting facility, there is no outcome of treatment ... What is the value of the院 that the patient has just died during the hospitalization?

And there is no other way to work in this facility and to know the secrets of each noble from the patient.

That’s why I don’t want to make Amelia better.

"How much ameria Saulon is recovering?"

"Yes, I thought that a man who had previously entered the vision was my husband. When there is no daughter or samurai, it is almost certainly. However, it seems to be firmly recognized that it is not a husband who distinguishes the face of me and staff who are the doctor.

However, it seems that it seems to be true that I have been thinking of talking about talking with the staff who looked at the hallucinations of "husband" that do not exist according to the staff.

“It’s not complete, but it’s hard to recover. Are you not drinking medicine for the past few days?

“Before, Ameria Sauron took a couple of weeks to sleep with a cold, but at that time there was no influence. Vandaloo

“Now, it’s not only Vandalou, but also the clarification of the factors that Amelia Sauron recovered later.” She must be under the original state!

「……」

A young woman who sat on the black skin of the directors who talked about such a thing, he shed breath and slowly shakes his neck. As if you say, “It’s a long time to save.”

And when you walk in front of the ventilation mouth, you can change the appearance of a chunk of meat without sound. And a youth who became a mass of meat... Ghost, one of the personalities that make up Legion, has changed its appearance in a narrow string in a few seconds and entered into the air mouth.

The director didn’t notice his presence after the ghost left.

“Is sure that the directors are going to be arithmetic to me this time?” I know, for you, we don’t have a value for our lives. That’s why we’re like stones on the roadside.”

"No, I'm not there......"

At that time, Vandaloo was talking to him in the room where former doctor was put. After talking with me, I was worried that I was in the ward room.

Hoover Tone was planning to do a type of counseling when he examined Vandalou. No matter whether Vandaloo answers questions.

Vandaloo was not going to meet his medical examination.

However, the doctor of Hoover led to Vandalou, and on the contrary he will receive his counseling.

I want you to know. I don’t regret what I met.

I wanted to save people. At first, aiming for the use of recovery magecraft, and then aiming for a alchemist who creates chemicals... I was not blessed with age, and I was born to see people's hearts if I noticed. However, even though the road changes, the ambition was not changed.

However, if I noticed, I was sending a day to wait for the patient to die at this院."

“...I don’t hear my story even though I’m a teacher?”

"Teacher?" Patients and their families call me, but I don’t have the qualification to be called if I get used to healing things that can’t heal patients.

However, you have helped me. I listened to my story until the end and accepted me ignorant and incomparable. For you, you might say that you don’t have enough human trouble. But I really felt that I was saved. I don't lie

"Teacher has no doubt about your app。。. No, do you treat me as a different organism than humans?

“I’m human.”

Dr. Hoover Thorn is led to Vanderou. However, it did not recognize Vandalou as humans. Although it is not a madder, people who form humans continue to be treated as radically different organisms.

If you talk to Dalcia about this thing, you can say "Oh, Vanderou". “Who said, Vandalou is my loving son.” It was a happy word that the world was shining, but I feel like something was wrong.

“Further, I say something.” That’s why you become human.

“I think it’s a teacher who says something, but it’s right?”

“It’s like a great Vanderou.”

Gwhadghan, which stands in the space after the back of Vanderou, affirms.

"I don't have to make myself wrong!"

"Please calm down, teacher. “Nobody can make me wrong.”

“I’m different! It’s not, you’re.”

』

A serpentine serpentine serpentine from a small ventilation mouth.

“Do you come to outside staff?”

It's okay. Because the sound does not leak out with magic. What was the staff meeting?

Black Other patients ... I also talked about new friends, but it seems to be troublesome if they and Amelia are going to be a pleasure."

"It's it"

Vandaloo, who is excited and 暴ent, has talked with patients who met before going to the Amelia veneer at this院 and led to some of the patients. In adolescents suffering from multiple personality, he urged the reconcil。 of the 格chic body by treating them with [霊chic] skills, and encouraged the reconcil。 of the personality.

A man who had a meaningless magical ritual in search of power taught how to train the body.

The girl who was abandoned by the wound of the heart who received sexual 行ence from the family said that his body was dirty, so I promised the help of being born in pseudo-transfer etc.

I devised to become an adult again while teaching the study while playing together (the remaining demons).

For women who suffer from hallucinations, you can not use the magic king after calming. I'm whispering that I'm having it.

They may not be suitable for the pleasure that they usually return to the state before they are sick. However, it is only a trivial thing for Vanderou. It is good because it is good.

Amelia Saulon She is going to be a pleasure in the past few days. I didn’t have a conversation with my husband. And I don’t think of my husband and staff.

It’s only Vandalu to recognize that it’s a husband now. ......I can’t think about how Vandalou did this, but there is no way to do it. I think I should recover more from here.

In addition, the chief of the hospital believes that Amelia is talking with a phantom husband because it is misunderstood that Amelia is talking to Vandalu, which is hidden in the room.

However, it seems that it is difficult for the directors to accept the patient's way of pleasure.

“Where should you change the name of the Psychotherapy Clinic?”

"No words"

“I don’t hear this story only.”

“Oh, it’s a little bit, if you’re going to drink medicine in Amelia today, you’ll finally get the actual one.”

The room already found a ghost in order to prepare the medicine to be given to the patient at this院, but hepatic medicine was the condition of the material, so I did not know what medicine is.

If you understand the material, you can make some predictions, but depending on how much material you use, you can find the right treatment. Therefore, I waited for the chance to get the actual drug.

"I know the effect of the drug that patients have. However, I know only the director of the medicine. However, it should not be changed to poison except for those who drink in a handful of patients who are expected to complete cure.

Where is Amelia Saulone?

Vandalu answered the doctor who asked him.

“We see daughters running in the flower field.”

In comm ration of the colorful flowers that ignore the sense of season, Elizabeth Saulon and Samurai Maheria were screaming with the carriage.

"Oh!? It's not a monster plant all here!"

If you are pregnant, it is because all of the flowers were plant-shaped magic that is moving instead of the root.

"Miss, I'm surrounded! Please calm!"

In addition, the monster plant ran to maintain the ambient state of Elizabeth.

"Ufufu, I'm talking about it. I had been innocent to my child for a while.

“I’m sure, finally, I’m going to have a picnic for 5 years ago.”

And Vandaloo was with Amelia.

"Please remember to bring your mother to such a所ic place!"

“Where are you here?”

They are one of the worlds of Vanderou. If you put a coin in order to create a suitable landscape for a picnic, you will have a basket to the magical force, and the flowers and plants became the magic.

“I want to see Amelia”

“Ufufu,?」?”

"No, I'll be away from my father, so it's a matter of time."

“T、’s it? Even if you forget our first anniversary, that child was angry.”

“It’s not the last three years.”

Vandaloo, who does not deny the delusion of Amelia, remembered her delusion. In the past of her phantoms, she can 纏 up what she can do and what she can do.

If you have an Amelia delusion test, you will be able to acquire the first class qualification easily.

(I'm sorry to call a man's mother! It's not my mother's treatment, but I want to chew it with my mother!?)

"Elizabeth, I don't have wickedness."

“I don’t read my heart!”

"I'm a lady! The thoughts are leaking from the mouth! I'm wondering if Vandalu is away from the world, and you've noticed the mel、 of the lady!"

"Women, tea came. Can you breathe around?

"Sam-san! It says to this monster plant! Let's stop chasing and turning over!"

Vandalou judged that it is necessary to go out for the treatment of Amelia. However, it may be troublesome if you just take it outside with [transition].

Then Vandalou decided to take Amelia to his own world. No one can see.

ザzabeth and Maheria had a sam ride, and I came to the [transition] to the [in the body world] while I was guided to the vast loader than the appearance.

This is the second time.

“What do you do if you are a school student? I’m glad that you can spend time with Elizabeth and Maheria, but it’s hard to study?”

"No problem, Amelia." The results of Elizabeth and Maheria are excellent, and it seems that it has earned a sufficient reputation for the team’s challenges.”

Amelia believes that the school that Elizabeth is attending is a school that is passed by a noble brother. I answered Vandalou according to it, but actually the results of her performance and Elizabeth's party are good. Training of zona and mascot in another action continues.

Since they have persuaded Gufadgarn to cooperate, practical training with monsters is being carried out as before. ...Vandalu also confirmed this with the Familiar King.

Since Vandalieu is in the hospital, he has not yet earned credits for the practical training that the party receives, but he will be able to do so as soon as he returns.

“I’m here too.”

"Hehe, I feel safe as long as you're watching me study."

"...That's right."

It's true that he's training, so you could say that he's studying. However, Vandalieu is not Elizabeth's guardian, but a party member.

"Then, let's stay here a little longer."

"Oh, but I think it's time to take your medicine...Now that I think about it, I haven't taken any medicine lately."

"Yeah, so I'm sure there won't be any medicine today. Tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and forever."

Vandalieu of the [Body World] said so and offered Amelia some tea.

The employee felt like clicking his tongue. In the past, all you had to do was say, ``It's time for your medicine,'' and give the medicine.

Even so, he was ordered to first confirm that Vandalieu Zakkart was in his own hospital room, then head to Amelia's hospital room, take her to a treatment room that was not normally used, lock the door, and then administer the medicine, a procedure that was troublesome and it was unclear whether it had any meaning for a man who was just a staff member.

(Exactly, what are the directors so scared of?)

The staff did not notice the change in the atmosphere of the clinic. This is because they do not care for patients empathetically, and their medical knowledge is not very deep.

Therefore, even if a change occurs in a patient, they simply think, ``Today is just as weird as yesterday.''

"Yes, please enter this room."

Amelia obediently followed with a smile on her face, and the staff member invited her into the treatment room. Inside were chairs with belts to restrain patients who did not listen to the instructions of doctors and staff, but he never learned to use them.

"Then please take this medicine...However, it's sad that you used to treat me well, thinking I was your husband, but now you don't even talk to me."

The staff member who gave her the pills mixed by the director, who is also an alchemist, and a glass of water muttered so that she could not hear.

“Quickly drink it and become the cute crazy girl you used to be- Gee!?”

The man, who had been muttering, suddenly felt a horrifyingly cold hand grab his neck and let out a muffled scream. What he saw in shock was Amelia, smiling and tightening her neck with one hand.

However, in the next moment, her appearance changed from a kind-hearted lady to a female vampire with cloudy red eyes.

“Vandaloo-sama, we have secured the actual medicine. What will this man do? ”

When Isla, the zombie vampire who was disguised as Amelia, asked this, the void flickered and Vandalieu appeared.

"For now, let's keep him alive. If he crosses a line that shouldn't be crossed, I'll make him suffer the same fate as the others."

The employee noticed this. Today will be the last day for me.

Thank you for always reporting typos. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by each episode.

The next episode will be posted on September 23rd.