Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 395: The False Demon King to Alkrem

Uncompletely revived Gudulanis collects his soul fragments. The information was spread throughout the country by Vandaloo’s use demons.

If you come here, you will not be able to see how much you are. There are few leftovers of the gun bullet type witch King."

The Canako was the capital of Arkurem. She protects the Baron Arkurem, the origin of idle activities in Orbaum, from the 神。 of the 神。 and the army.

It is also important for fans of the Magic continent, Gartland, and Vidal Magic Empire, but because the fans of the Kingdom of Orbaum are most dangerous.

Of course, since Alcム is also an important place for Vandaloo, there are plenty of fighting forces other than canako.

“How strong is the gudulanis that revived incomplete? I feel that Jack would not have one or two pieces of soul.”

It is a legion that has the greatest presence among its powers.

A huge s ical mass floating above the city protects the city from the attack of the gods sent by Alda and protects them against them.

"Oh! Let's go! Don't kill the world!? I'm saying that the soul of Gudulanis is embedded!"

bins and seals the original vampire sealed in the fight of Vida and Arda ten thousand years ago.

“Eh, it’s troublesome!”

"I don't want to say to you,"

"The missing part of the embedded soul can be safely removed, so now I should explain that I want to seal it adultly."

。 If the story goes through, I don’t say “running”

"Stop! Let's die because it is good forever!"

"Maybe the missing part embedded in this person"

[Despair]

“Nothing, there is no deficit of a true soul.”

"Well, the King of the Devil"

Al Abel, a man of the original vampire, was sealed with shouting that it was wrapped in meat and died.

By the way, the seal is made using a container made by Oriharucon, which was sealed with the [Witch King's Flaw] absorbed by Vandaloo.

“... That’s why we’re conf、 about how many threats Gdulanis have resurrected, and we’re confの without computation.”

“I don’t think about how to make your own experience”

“Oh, I don’t do it.” At least, I think it’s weaker than dark abalone, but why?

The cerebral shimizu-kun answered immediately.

“Of course, Dark Avalon... I think it’s weaker than Gudulanis who got on the sixth road and Edgar.”

[In、ct] and [memory] and [powder] are the six-way holy of [Abalon] and the soul of Edgar. There is no existence that resists the soul and body of the inn are Gudulanis.

The six-way and edgar are different, but they were completely absorbed and used their skills. In addition, I created a man-made spirit that was not able to do tens of thousands years ago by following the soul of the sixth passage around.

On the other hand, Alda is the main part of the Vida family and the Majestic army, whose mission is to parade and 走pel the souls of Gudulanis. Even if the deficiency is taken on the host, there is no single deficiency of the gudulanis, depending on the type of the deficiency of the soul that you took on... It is also possible that you will only be discriminated if it is a vicious or libido.

And if you ride the gods of the Vida family, it will be dissipated if you remain on the ground without returning to the gods.

“Is it dependent on the host whose kind of 片s are parasitic? It is unknown, but I think it is a troublesome if you ride the body of the powerful Mao army trunks, such as [the fighting spirit], [the fighting spirit], [the Tomo] and [cunning].

"The evil god of the magical castle" and "Pyalesla" in Orbaum, but Gufadghan sealed me."

However, after all, depending on the type of embedded soul fragment and the combination of the host, the degree of threat changes.

"In other words, if you don't know the type of deficiency of the remaining soul and the liberated gods, you can't expect ... ...I'm glad if Iをed Alda.

Canako tells you that it seems to be extinct when Alda believers hear. In fact, Gods unleashed from the seal, also the type of fragments of the souls of Gudulanis embedded in the gods, are known only Alda.

"And you should be wary of the dead attribute magic and soul crushing that will be used by the incomplete revived Gudulanis."

“It’s not the same thing as Van...”

While Eleonola who came there asked him, he put his hand in between the wrinkles of the cerebral meditation wizard and extract the bradpotion that was stored inside.

Yes. Especially those who crushed the soul

Actually, the cerebral 脳istle witch who was also a point holder answers without worrying even if the finger is rushed in the gap of the brain.

For Vandalou, [S  kuroi] is a good skill, and basically it was used in killing with dark abalone and phyton.

But for Gudulanis, the soul crushing is the depth. It is a must-have technique to consume a large amount of magic. In addition, Gudulanis can not be squeezed simply by crushing the soul, so it is not possible to increase power if it is not possible to crush the soul.

In the age of myths, the reason why the botins were just sealed, the ricket, zulwarn, and the pellia were not crushed.

If Gudulanis were able to s、 their souls like Vandaloo, the gods of the world were sed by the sedible Gudulanis, and before Zakarts were summoned, they were transformed into a world governed by the Magnolias.

"But the strength of less than God...A person who is less than 12 ranks or who is more than 13 ranks and who is not confident to fight more than one another is dangerous.

It is not consumable because it is large for Gudulanis to crush the soul of the presence of less than God.

“In other words, Legion and Eleonola say that they must be protected by Van because they are dangerous even if they are okay!”

“What’s it? Protect your body by cautiously preventing Van’s hands!”

"Of course, it is a談." That’s where you’re? If you’re going to collect a piece of soul, you’ll come here.”

If the purpose of the person who collects a missing piece of the soul of Gduranis continues, you should try to get a missing piece before being喰ed to Vanderou, as Canako said.

In that case, there is a lack of soul before being eaten.

『ＧＹＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ！』

Even now, the revitalized host whose soul fragments are parasitic is screaming in a state that is stoned.

"It's not. All the legs are cut or stoned.

“If you want to open it?”

Parafalupa was a horrible deity that melts and squeezes all the touched objects, but the bellmonds and bones were all deprived of the legs and rolled like potatoes.

If you are a mass-pro  product like Nemesis Bell in Oriharucon, the melting solution that can be dissolved in a few minutes is absolutely meaningful to the技 of the bones切りped with the vacuum blades produced by Slasher.

The bellmond thread that bounds paraphalpa is touched for a long time, so it is melted several times.

"But husband, new threads"

』

There is no problem because the small use witch King stuck on her arm spits additional thread every time it is melted.

“I didn’t kill it?”

From the two scenes, Carlos, who was the candidate of Rubicante, whose name is "the god of yang flame" is to kill the paraphalpa or before Vandaloo.

Before the battle began, even if he was told that he would not kill the evil gods, he thought that he would be able to do it, but he was actually fighting, and the bellmonds and the bones were almost immortalized without suffering.

Thank you for your understanding. I remember the illusion as if I was lost in the world of myth.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

The battles of God are spreading beyond his eyes.

“What are you? Name!”

"The Goddess of the Holy、ar" Elk is going to be a number of people! "

“Oh, my goddess of snow” Mermedia. Let’s Name You!

"So, I'm elk!"

“Oh, I’m... Yeah, yes, I’m the goddess of the Izumi Melmedia...?”

“What do you ask for us?”

"The Goddess of the Holy ar" elk, which was added to Hendriksen, the candidate of Carlos and his hometown, descended, and the subordinate goddess of Pelia, which belongs to the Vida family sealed tens of thousands years ago, was crossed with Melmedia and blade.

Although it is a long distance that the city does not have damage due to the extra wave of the fight, the gods and comical ties can be seen from the city.

"Erk, I'm quiet. The Mermedia Hall was invaded by the 気facts of the soul of Gudulanis and lost their 気ine. That’s the impact

Then, the “God of the Strings” hill shem was also cheering for Elk to seal the Mermedia.

If you see the God who gave the guardian to Hendriksen and Ediria, who has been fighting for the people even if you have a risk of losing power, Carlos will continue to think of the difference between you who was abandoned in Rubicante.

However, in fact, there was a situation that he remembered the need to reveal the fact that the former Alda powers God, Elk, and Hillshem joined the Vida family.

"The original vampire who was trying to harm himself with full force was sealed, so the next one is this person."

“Gluaaaaa!”

"Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Then, from the back of the mel media, the legion of the diameter of about one kilometer is approaching. It was a mel media that was ex ded to the mucus and tactile paint, but it was sealed inside by sw。ing the mass of tactile meat.

Byazekkyoku, which was sealed in Dalcia at the end of the battle, may be fortunate to the outside.

And the fight continued in the future.

“What’s it? It’s like Gudulanis, but it’s like it!”

The contradictory thing is screaming in the rain while screaming is the magical lord that was sealed in the latter half of the war with the lord, the wicked God, the evil god of the permanent blade, Sbavoro.

It’s a very famous major, whose powerful evil gods were sealed by Bellwood. However, it still has several powers than Fidirg and Zozogante.

It looks like a gorilla covered with silvery long body hair, and it looks like an adult. However, each hair is made of a sharp needle. In addition, it is possible to shoot as a countless arrow if it is transformed and bundled and seems to be the tip of the spear or a huge blade.

And when attacked, it would be a minor armor.

「■■■■■■！！」

The shock wave emitted from the mouth of a white-haired dhampir boy ignores Svavolo's body hair and strikes his body and mind.

That's right, he is the fake ``True Demon King'' Vandalieu... This is Kuhl, known as the ``fake Vandalieu.''

As a result of his training, he succeeded in raising his rank to rank 13, Vandalieu Slime. Yes, it's Vandalieu's slime.

Not only can he imitate Vandalieu's appearance, voice, and gestures, but he can also imitate Vandalieu's skills.

Of course, it is not possible to use death-attribute magic or necromantic magic, and it is also impossible to use [Demon King Fragments] that have not been absorbed. However, it can imitate the [Scream] skill and let out a terrifying scream, tormenting Svavolo's body and instincts.

“Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! ”

Svavolo, who has been repeatedly hurt by [Dark Scream], is so angry that he lets out a scream similar to the sound made when metal creaks, making the hair on his body stand on end. Then, it ejected millions of hairs.

The hair emitted from Svavolo's body, which was about 100 meters long, was scattered over a wide area, and it seemed to reach not only the Legion, but also Elk, Hirshem, and the city of Alkrem behind them.

“[Aigis]!”

However, a barrier wall bigger than Svavolo's gigantic body appeared, blocking all of his body hair.

This is Melissa, a reincarnated person who has the cheat ability of [Aigis], which creates a barrier.

"Oraora! We're serving the few remaining fireworks! Come on!"

Then, from the other side of the barrier, the same reincarnated person as her, [Hecatonchire] Doug Atlas, attacks with telekinesis.

“I’m going.”

“Please wait a little longer for me.”

Then, through the ground where there was no barrier, the cannonball-type familiar demons controlled by Doug's telekinesis hit Svavolo one after another.

“Gaaaaaaaaa! ?　Ugoaaaaaaaaaaa! ”

No matter how hard and sharp his body hair is, the cannonball-type familiar will explode at Vandalieu's will even if he doesn't touch it.

Moreover, the demon king is made of [devil king's fragment]. No matter how sharp and hard Svavolo's hair is, it is not as strong as Guduranis. As a result, the fragments of the [Demon King's Fragment] scattered during the explosion penetrated his body's fur defense.

``Oh! ? ”

The barrier disappeared in front of Svavolo, who was struggling in pain. Seeing an opportunity, he tries to counterattack.

“Are you done yet, Vandalieu-san!?”

There, arrows shot by Miriam, who took on the [Holy Bow Princess] job, rained down.

“Please, please come quickly! This evil god has been extremely scary for a while now!”

Miriam was frightened by Svavolo's huge body and screams, but there was no hesitation as she held up her bow and fired an arrow in the rain. And the arrows she shoots are made from [Demon King's Fragment] and Orichalcum, and they accurately damage Svavolo.

"Oooooooooooooooooooooo! Destroy it, [Demon King Sword]!"

Then, with the support of Miriam, her younger sister Kalinia, and her childhood friend Borzofoy, Arthur uses the deadly martial arts he developed in his special training to slash Svavolo's side, including all his body hair.

“I can’t afford to lose! [Devil Sword]! ”

Boneman rushed in after that and couldn't help but be jealous of Arthur, so he cut off Svavolo's leg using the same martial technique that Arthur had taught him.

“Gyaaaaaaaaaa! ? Why! ? I should be the one to torment and cut into pieces! ? If it weren't for this rain, that damn rain, I would be able to kill the humans from their lungs! ”

What Svavolo was good at during his battles with the hero army was scattering fragments of body hair so small that they were barely visible to the naked eye into the air, damaging the lungs of those who inhaled them, making them unable to breathe.

However, due to the rain that continued to fall only around him, the pieces of his body hair fell to the ground instead of flying through the air, making that impossible.

The person doing this is Bashas, ​​the ``goddess of rain clouds'' who did not exist 100,000 years ago. Rain clouds gather to the tune of the song of Edilia and the girl who dwells in Yorishiro, raining down rain that is a blessing to Arthur and his friends, but a disaster to Svavolo.

Eleanora and Kanako also joined the battle, and Svavolo, who had lost all his body hair and limbs, was swallowed up and sealed into the Legion.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Kuel

Rank: 13

Race: Vandalieu slime

Level: 70

Two names: [Fake Vandalieu]

・Passive skills

Immunity for blows

Starvation resistance: 3Lv

Predation super recovery: 5Lv (UP!)

Precise manipulation of body shape: 6Lv (UP!)

Venom secretion: 1Lv

Magic resistance: 10Lv (UP!)

Strength: 1Lv (awakened from superhuman strength!)

Physical resistance: 6Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 8Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Mimicry: 5Lv (UP!)

・Active skills

Stealth: 7Lv

Blood: 10Lv (UP!)

Limit transcendence: 2Lv (Awakening from limit breakthrough!)

Huge: 6Lv

Martial arts: 7Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 7Lv (UP!)

Charge: 3Lv

Parallel thinking: 8Lv (UP!)

Remote control: 8Lv (UP!)

Parasitic: 4Lv

Mimicry: 10Lv (UP!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Skill copy: Vandalieu: 2Lv (NEW!)

Sorry, the next episode will be on November 7th. Thank you for your patience.