Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Small talk 68 Duke Gerard Birgitte

Thank you!

In the previous meeting, various things were announced. Vanderou is a trans er from a different world, and the trans er is to do multiple things, including Kanako Tsuchiya. And Vanderou was born after a revival of Zakart, who was crushed by Gudulanis ten thousand years ago. and the truth behind the others.

The 震 s ran to the duches who moved the Kingdom of Orbaum to hear it.

The first emperor of the Amid emperor who changed the name of the Holy Land, whose name was the descendant of Bellwood, and he 興ed the emperor. As you can see, if you believe that you are a descendant of the , you can get a great name that you can 興 a country.

In addition, in the case of Vandalou, you can get a ink from the Vida of life and love through Dalcia. If you need it, you can do it.

Amid’s royal family is a bellwood descendant in the present day, or many monks. Even if the kingdom of Orbaum, the enemy country, is drifting through slight reconcil , and it is deducted just a bit of the emperor.

However, in the case of Vandalou, a person who denys that he is the reborn of the者の... It is not to shake the fact that Vandalou is the reborn of the弁, even if it is a social position and a valve can show the evidence of doubt.

Even if you are a person complaining of a doubt, it is not enemy to the Great God's warranty. Duke of Arsabba, who still宣言d the neutrality, and Duke of Lext, who was late to replenish the Vidal Magic Empire, remembered that Vandalou has a major righteousness that can掲 the unification of the world.

......But it’s only a omake that has already been praised by the people of the Vidal Magic Empire, but it’s only a support that can be obtained as a “himous revival” for Vandaloo.

If you know that Kanako is a reincarnation, and her is a new vida of Chaos Elf, not Dark Elf, but the V-cream can be changed to a splendid species. Zolkodrio of the storm of 嵐ence is the original vampire, the territory of the Vidal Empire is also on the continent of the legendary magical continent and the myths.

By the way, when Katy Hartner is a reincarnation, the son of Zorkodrio's righteousness, the real father of Zerk was forced to be a marshkuzar. The former is because the intention of Zorkodrio, who is the parent, is likely to be clear, because there is no responsibility if there is something to clarify the secret of katy not the citizen of Vidal Magic Empire.

Also, Dalcia has not revealed that he has been killed in the Milg shield country and is alive once he died. Hadroth and Taccards were not able to believe whether the mir。s that other duches could not be driven by the desire to know that the resurrection of the full dead would occur.

...... It may be because there are already mutations to human species, undeadization, daemon, and demolition.

That’s why all the Duchess who participated in the conference were watching the truth that Vandaloos didn’t rush, but no one was pursuing it. I was interested, but I emphasized the truth that Vidal Magic Empire is an overwhelming strong man.

Information is held by a strong owner of power, and the truth is always exposed under the white day, but it can be found at the end of the research by a hundred years or a thousand years later.

There are almost no people who think about the right to know in this world.

However, if外交lomatic is gained full-fledged, the intelligence agency of the Duke will investigate.

In addition, the rename of the Vida Principles to the Vida Faith was received by the Duchess with a slight convin。 rather than shock.

地球 "Earth", the current "Ramda" world does not cause incidents or disputes due to extreme behavior such as。orism. However, I know if you are a noble or temple official who is a Belwood ex、s whose Alda has reached the punishment because it has been too severe and cruel.

Bellwood ex。s were the so-called radical principle who made Bellwood claims first. Therefore, it is a name that is easy to remember the vague warning of "Principle" for aristocratic and temple officials. I was able to understand that I could change it.

On the other hand, it was shocking about the staff who planned to relocate to the embassy of the Vidal Magic Empire.

The embassy is a窓口lomatic window in each country, so the embassy of the Duke of the Orbaum Kingdom is placed in the Vidal Magic Empire, and the embassy of the Vidal Magic Empire is placed on each duke.

Vandalu said, “We will send a few demons to the embassy.”

“I’ve been saying that. I thought that I could say that the word came out of my mouth.

The most accomplished of this conference was the Duke of Gerald Birgit, whose main sound was around.

"What was the second picture in the picture? I had to explain that the purpose was to select the person appointed as the ambassador and to suppress the stress of the embassy, and I was thinking that I would like to immerse the duches from inside like Orbaum.

Duke, a wolf veterinarian with a serene face, expressed a step-by-step picture presented by Vanderou as if it was a pro。 .

It is located in the south of the Duchess of Hartner and is close to the Duchess of Fゾン. And above all, it’s not going through Vanderou, like the Duchess of Alcrem, the Duchess of Jahan, and the Duchess of New Sauron.

“Well, it is not only the new breed of Vida, but we are going to外交lomatic with the country that admits daemons and undeads as a national, so we must be prepared to be set up for the embassy.”

"Bombarde, I think my liver is in place. I didn’t have it until I said.

The ambassador will be appointed to a country with national relations. However, it was not assumed that the parliament was assigned.

It was not assumed, but after all, it would be to invite the person as a national guest, so Gerald showed that he was not hesitant on the surface of the second step, but he didn’t see the揺king. I was surprised by the other Duke and Vanderou.

“I’m still ripe. However, it was lighter than it was expected. If you think about the picture, it is not much meaning that you do not take. I have prepared a variety of things, but I was so wasteful."

The Duke of Gerald Birgit is expected to testify from Vanderou at this meeting. The minimum requirement to clarify the confrontation with the Duchess of Fazon and the Amidst the Holy Land was to be considered as a required condition to attend the meeting.

In addition to the commercial treaty, the temple of Vandalu was built in the territory, the quintessential of the Vidal Empire, the beautiful marriage in the territory of their relatives, the affiliate dedication in the name of the bride and the dedication of the family treasure, but I was doing it in advance.

"In addition, it was a political marriage that greeted the younger brother of the Vidal Imperial side to the groom, and I was surprisingly prudent, even though I was looking at the future convergence of my con。ation.

If you say from the above, you might think of it as a light dukes that are dom。 by strong people. No, I didn’t say it.

In addition, there was a Duke who was thinking of offering relatives and the princess as a guardianship as well as the ラrald, but after all, no one was in the mouth.

In the coronation of the Duchess of Elizabeth Saulon, we received a report from those who saw the appearance of Bakunawa, introduced as the first child of Vanderou.

The figure and size were too large. I think it is better to think about the people of the Vidal Magic Empire by gathering a little more information about the shock.

On the contrary, Gerald tries to break down the gaps that other duches are hesitant, but did not have to do so.

"It's not a means of strengthening relationships that can show all Kyosei-sho, except for general and consolidation. And I don't hear anything about the plan that is combined with it."

It's natural. I don’t have to worry about that.

Blessings of the Knights of the Bear-type Beasts around the Side.

“If you’re in Vida, it’s a country that you don’t know yet, so don’t try to sell your country. Old people」

"Alchem, Jahan, Saulon already behind. What do you do not sell while others are on the second way? I can’t know the body yet, but I can’t know it yet, but I can’t know it yet, because the digits of the amount of information obtained will change if the embassy is ready.

In addition, the Vidal Magic Empire is a mashi from the middle of the scent of Terkatanis. It's too late. The kingdom of Orbaum is like half a man's umbrella."

In order to protect the王国 and ideology and culture of the selected kingdom, we will face with Vidal Magic Empire. When I thought it was too far, Gerald analyzed.

"But, of course, I'm not going to sell my hometown with abandoned value. I was going to admit self-government at least."

The Duke of Burgit is a dukes that are difficult to go to the other Duke except the Duke of Fazon and the Duke of the Northeast, which is located in the southwest of the Orbaum Kingdom. The west is divided between the borders and the north of Hartner. The ancestors struggled to dig the tunnel and connect to the sea, but it is not enough for large trade.

However, because of such a land, the kingdom of Orbaum was built, and the name of the Duke of Birgit was changed, the land had a variety of veterans and formed a tribe association.

The land of Burgit was a natural fort。 surrounded by mountains and rocks.

It has changed dramatically in the last few months.

It was a time when the central aristocratic people were just concerned about the relationship between the Farson Duchess who were not next to while sending the forces for the Amid empire to the Duchess of Saulon.

“Now, you can move the mountains, that emperor. I can't win it."

The natural fort  that protects the Duke of Birgit was no longer meaningful because Vanderou moved the boundary. The natural castle wall that was immovable has become an unreliable thing that can change the shape if Vandalou likes it.

There are defense bases such as Forts and Citadels on the mountains and rocks in the Duke of Billgit. However, it is not an enemy army that acts as a strategy. If you are an army that can use your head in the same way, you will be able to get through the defense base and attack the city.

No, you should just hit the mountains and rocky mountains as it is to the fort and the castle town. A dull, but reliably approaching super-huge mass will destroy the castle wall easier than a 撃 shot.

When the boundary mountains of the west and the north-south rocks move together, the Duke of Birgit will be crushed without giving the opportunity to cross the blade.

In addition, the land of the hometown is mixed into the mountains, and the original figure is lost. There is no hope to escape and endure the time of swelling. I lost the country.

“I think you can win if you were a war, even if you didn’t think of it? Bombarde, it seems that it’s a bad thing, but I’m going to be a cata phic defeat.”

It is not possible to win because it is such a situation, but it is not possible to win even if you think about the forces of the Vidal Magic Empire and the Duchess of Billgit.

From the inside of the Vandalu, Kunochen, Dalcia, Quattro, and Kendo Volks and the Boundary Mountains, whose eyes were seen in Orbaum, is overwhelmingly strong. In addition, since it is still leaving power to the main country, I can not imagine how much the total power is.

If it is still fighting, the Duchess of Billyt iso . If you’re wondering, the Duchess of Burgit is surrounded by natural fort ... The Fazon Duchess next to the easy-to-going are hostile, and the cheers cannot expect. ......If you come, you have to worry about stinging from behind.

In the center, the daemons who believe in Vanderou are thriving, and there is no need to leave the 。. Orbaum becomes a mountain of山ble again because of the 動ence.

In addition, it’s too much to say to the Gerardo... for the領s of the Duchess of Birgit. There is no intention of invasion to this, nor the con。。y to exploit economically. I was forced to take a picture against the Duchess of Fazon, but I didn’t think that the people who are contrary to the reason were their own.

Because there is no need for要因s to fight so far, it is natural to take a policy to explore the coexistence of coexistence from Kyosei.

However, there is something you want to say in Bombarde.

"The general, the tone is completely back from the extra place. When you are in a horse carriage, you should be careful about the stool.

。 “Do not see our strengths sweet?”

"Oh, I'll choose the other person."

The Duke of Burgit is the Duke of the Orbaum tribe, who is the leader in the country of the beast, whose name is the Orbaum tribe, whose name is the Duke of the Orbaum tribe.

For this reason, it is actually a beast of a stronger person than the blood muscles...It is a new breed society of Vida. Aristocratic family present ......In other words, if a person who is stronger than the longest of each tribe appears personally, it is common to greet as a groom or a nurse and nominate as a successor.

The strength includes knowledge and technology, so that people who are not fighting are not generally persecuted.

It is also a very talented person who was born in such a dynamic society until the Duke's direct body. If an A-class adventurer-like attacker is attacked by Gerald, there is also a self-propelled appearance.

However, Dark Aberon appeared in the battle that the Magus Güdulanis revived, the unstandard 、s ... Güdulanis and Vanderou fight in the sky. Bombarde knows that there is a battlefield that I can not step into the world by myself.

That is the opponent that humans should not fight. It is not a place to challenge, unless it is a勇 who descended God or God.

You may be able to do good fights if you are one of the members of the existence. It may be possible to report arrows at the pursuant to the deter。.

However, at the time of the battle, the defeat is determined as the side of the Duke of Billyt.

If you become a full-fledged battle with the Vidal Magic Empire led by Vanderou, you don’t want to think about how much damage will appear on the Duchess of Burgit.

"The other duches are also known, so you can see them in front of the Vidal Magic Empire. But what does it mean during the fゾン?

If the mir。 was able to win the Vidal Magic Empire, Bombarde thinks, “How did you win?”

If the operation of the territory is broken down, it will not change anything.

“Fason was a long time, but what did you know?”

“I can’t empathize the world in the recession, but I’m going to be a holy battle rather than a war.”

What is the Holy War?

I heard Bombarde as it was not familiar with the gerard.

It is the Holy War. It is necessary to fight when the village is destroyed and the country is destroyed. to protect justice, faith, whole tribes and the survival of the world, not for interest, territory, resources and treasures."

“Is it possible to protect the Vidal Magic Empire even if it is not an enemy?”

Vandalou called the Kingdom of Orbaum to acknowledge the rights of the new breed of Vida. However, it is not forced. It seems to be a threat as a person who has been placed in the background of overwhelming force, but it is not actually a threat.

If it is not accepted, there is also a way to search for each other's協 while negotiating strongly and earning time. For example, instead of deceiving Vida’s new species to Vida’s Magic Empire, you can catch the活動orist of a dangerous magician who is active in the territory and take it to the Magic Empire.

Even if you are not a politician, you will soon notice it. The others of the Duke would be very careful. It seems that the nobles of the Duchess of Fazon do not think.

That’s right. There is no problem even if you do not go over 100 steps, but you can avoid the fact that you can actually cross the blade only with外交lomatic or economical relationship even if you do opponents.

However, in the head of the Baron of Fazon, it is filled with faith, greatness and justice, and it is impossible. Berwood ex、s, Alda ex、s, and the same as a dangerous magician

In the eyes of Gerald, there was a 情。 to the people of the Fazon.

He knows the severity that is iso  from other Duchess. The Duke of Birgit was a country that was easily iso  from the beginning of the Orbaum Kingdom.

ビル the Duchess of Saulon who became faith in Vida within the war with the Amid Empire, the people of the Duchess of Billyt are rooted and enthusiastic Vida believers. Because of this, there is a bad relationship with the Duke of Alda.

In recent years, Farson next to the east, which was suddenly dom  by the Alda Melting Japanese School, is a bad friend who has a small competition. From the Dawn of Terkatanis, which had a large pipe with the Alda Temple, it was also a devastated "the dukes that the country's beast cures." Of course, there was no good relationship with the Duchess of Jahan, who had been a lot of Arda believers since ancient times, and the Duchess of Hartner, who had been a lot of Arda faith since two hundred years ago.

I think that the people of the Duchess of FAZON will be behind.

“Oh, I have to make a mistake in the place where I was born, but I have to make a difference.”

However, the compassion from his eyes disappeared immediately because it is only a little thought.

“Beyond that, the conditions proposed instead of stepping on are important.”

I know. The wicked vampire hidden in our territory disappears, because the magician is only a peaceful and friendly tribe, but the visit of Maje  and Dalcia must be done only with a promise. ......If not, healed people and I can not plan over the mountains."

"Restrict the general public. What do you think of theギ?

“Oh, people, etc.” They’re good enough to hire as an adventurer. ......Is it possible to find out the information obtained at the meeting, and there is a reason for something because it is a reincarnation from a different world.

The Duchess Gerald is not so much that they have spoken directly with the Asagiri people. However, the reputation and research progress and results from the subordinates are in the head.

Three people are promoted to B-class adventurers, and they are powerfully equivalent to A-class. In addition, three people have unique skills, especially Tatsuya Tendou's Senri Eye is powerful, and he can make all the internal structure of the enemy's military base. Asagiri is expected to be a valuable power because it can almost enclose the magician.

In terms of personality, there seems to be a slight drawback on the cedar, but Gerald did not see the problem. If you’re wondering, Asagiri was only entangled to the people of the Duchess of Burgit.

For him, the true companion was only the same trans er, so the other people took a distance. That’s why I was only a boy with hot blood血.

And the research that encloses [the deficiency of the King of the Devil] is also used in progress. When you call Vandalou, it was guaranteed at a fair meeting that absorbs safely, but when you run out of Gerald, you don’t have to call a super-large country manager who doesn’t yet have a solid friendship.

I can't say that because it is too late because there is a big damage in the hesitation.

However, what if the [Demon King's Fragment] could be safely sealed away? There is no need to seal it for 100 or 1000 years. All he had to do was seal it safely until he presented it to Vandalieu, saying, ``This is the [Demon King's Fragment] that I found in my family's territory.''

In the end, it's still the same as giving it to Vandalieu, but the diplomatic debt becomes a loan.

And, thanks to the cooperation of Asagi and the others, the technology to safely seal the [Demon King's Fragment] was completed.

Up until now, the only option was to destroy the host of the out-of-control [Demon King's Fragment], rendering it incapacitated, and sealing off the host from trying to infect a new host. It was a dangerous job because if the sealing failed, his companions would be parasitized by the [Demon King's Fragment] and go berserk, and they would have to fight again.

However, if you use the sealing magic item developed with the cooperation of Asagi and the others, you can seal it by defeating the current host of the [Demon King's Fragment]. There is no risk of [Demon King's Fragment] gaining a new host.

Therefore, using magic items requires magic stones obtained from high-rank monsters, but considering the effects, the cost is probably worth it.

After that, Asagi will bring the research results to Vandalieu, which is probably an unexpected use of the research results. However, their research results are a method of safely sealing, not a method of keeping it safely stored.

Also, since Demon King Guduranis has been revived, even if only a part of it, the [Demon King's Fragment] is in a place where it cannot fall into Guduranis's hands... It would be best to let Vandalieu absorb it.

Well, because of that background, Gerard had no intention of doing anything about Asagi and the others.

``In the first place, they are adventurers who belong to the Adventurer's Guild, so I have no authority to do anything about them.The letter I sent to the Demon Emperor was also given through the Adventurer's Guild, so I shouldn't criticize it.I just need to act like a good neighbor.

Until something happens, all you have to do is think about selecting the forces to send to the Fazon Dukedom battle and diplomacy with the Vidal Demon Empire.''

With that, Gerard returned to his villa in Orbaume, focusing on the diplomatic strategy with the Vidal Demon Empire, which was worrying the other dukes.

Incidentally, Duke Pilchkov and Duke Arsaba were planning to use the embassy that would be established in the future to infiltrate intelligence agents and send their own duchy's intelligence organization to the Vidal Demon Empire, but that plan would definitely end in failure.

This is because there are demon lords lurking on every street in Talosheim, and dozens of them. They are in daily contact with the citizens of the Vidal Demon Empire. Vandalieu, who shares his five senses and memories with them, is the owner of the Perfect Recording Skill, which allows him to remember what he has seen.

If there was a person he didn't recognize, that alone would make him stand out to Vandalieu.

The alter ego of the highest authority, who can confirm the faces and names of all citizens and share information instantly, is stationed 24 hours a day, 365 days a day, from main streets to deserted back alleys.

There was no way they could carry out intelligence activities in such a country as before.

I'm back now. Please wait for further information regarding the book.

Starting today, the Saga Forest 5th Anniversary Fair, which I am also participating in, will be held! For details, please check the Hifumi Shobo official website and Saga Forest.

The next episode will be posted on July 20th.