Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 14 character introduction

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Elizabeth Saulon Male

This is a beautiful girl of twin tail, the daughter of the Duchess of Saulon, whose pride is high and振. There is a talent, but from the words that take care of and act greatly, the other students of the preparatory school have a distance, and avoid becoming a relationship with only the top.

In fact, it was unconfidential backside, and the leem sand wings that were behind the shield were aimed at the body, and the assistance was chased and driven by economic suffering. After school, it was not aristocratic study or socialization, and it was not disguised and edible.

The residence is the name of the residence of the Lime Sand Count House. The mother, who is a meat parent, is hospitalized in the 院 try, and trust is the only environment of the samurai who grew up in the same place as the sister. I couldn’t talk to Zonas and other party members because they could be discarded if their position is weak.

And there is no expectation that the situation looks good. It was put in such a situation, but I didn’t realize that Vandaloo was in a free classroom that used to hold a party strategy meeting, and I said, “Everyone here is my companion!” I was in Vandalu.

After that, I had a special lesson of Vandalu's sparta format, and I was able to put mekimeki and power, and finally it became economical, and I was able to see the main seat graduation that I thought it was impossible at first.

In addition, I was able to help Ameria who had been hospitalized at the Psychotherapy Clinic, and I had to eliminate the leam sandwich that was aimed at my own body, and then it was decided that it would be an emperor of the Vidal Empire.

The new body length is about a hundred meters, and the younger brother, who is still in his back, is full of his head, and the other family ruler of Saulon is relatively well. However, the current owner, Luder Saulon, is conceived to Elizabeth.

It may be a woman dubdom that can be sung and danced because they are arranged in the costumes and have lessons from Kanako.

Currently living in Silky Zakart Mansion, he suffered from the complex bizarre 掛け of the house. It is okay because the senses have been mahidden.

However, it may be unpleasant to discover that recently Maheria is talking to Nezmi and seeing something like Lita, Salia and Belmond.

Male Female

A samurai girl serving Elizabeth. In the party, she is looking for a police officer.

Because the mother was a samurai woman who served as the lord of Amelia, he served as an individual of Elizabeth instead of serving as the lord of Saulon.

Because I grew up in the same way as my sister, the bond was strong, and Elizabeth was the only partner to speak in the chest for a long time.

Basically, because it is for Elizabeth,ダンスs to Bakunawa and dance and singing lessons are progressing. ......I may wonder where Elizabeth is going.

I am deeply grateful to Vandalou for saving Elizabeth and Amelia, but I think that this person is very likely to be the future owner.

For this reason, as a party member, and as a user, we are trying to interact with various people. She is still not aware that she has been misunderstood by Elizabeth who saw it, although she teaches Tadano Nezmi, Salia and Rita and Bermond.

She is talking to Nezmi from stress, but she is not interested in vikini and high-reg armor and mas。ine.

●Zona Chinos Dwarf Age 15 Female

A girl with a pink hair. Aristocratic Princess. In fact, the daughter was born between the mother of the dwarf bareback, whose father of the aristocratic. However, before he was born, he married a man of a mother and became a daughter of a user.

However, in the process of growing, the appearance of the zona was good, and the real father who realized that he was more talented, gave up her. I learned all of the things that were complicated, and I learned about my life and grew up to a strong girl who thinks that it is important to be able to enjoy and be happy.

The mother washes the water from the bareback, and holds the weakness of the real father who is a noble, so he is happy because he lives with his wife.

My father was just a servant, but she married a beautiful wife. Aristocratic father receives high pay from negative eyes. I don't remember my dissatisfaction, I'm happy because I have a sister and brother by continuing my wife and wife.

My father had to pay extra money from weaknesses and negative eyes to his mother and his father, but it is protected. In addition, I will be happy because I will be profitable if I have a future績 or a relationship with a high standing man.

And I was able to grow in a rich environment than my mother was barebacking and not married to anyone. The quality of the man who chooses to marry is rising and the future is brighter, and happiness is now.

All of the family members, all happy. So, I don’t think about my family.

I joined the party member of Elizabeth after entering the preliminary school, but I was asked to spy on the faction that the father belongs to, and responded to it. I thought that I would be happy to have a great dream to Elizabeth, and I was not malicious because I thought it.

However, it is because the Count of Lime Sands is aiming for the body of Elizabeth older than her daughter, and she did not know that her mother is toxic and human. If you know, I would recommend and cooperate to escape from the Count.

There were three men who took care of the english education received from the mother, and we tried to put them in the same way as Vandaloo, which was newly added to the party, but Vandaloo was emphasizing muscles and failures caused by problems with Alex. On the other hand, it will be taken into the ally of Vanderou.

From Elizabeth, he is going to see the truth of Vandaloo, and then he is going to be the con  of Vandaloo. I thought that there might be a争erce rival conflict, but I didn’t do that. However, it is a daily routine where you can take a lesson of singing and dancing, licking on the baknawa, or a trial of different direction from the expectation to be a crisis of extinction.

By the way, the other elizabeth members have a noppo-like spear, the fact Hamilton, a small swordman and a shield, Torus Zetz, a magician who has glasses, and Euzef Catalonis.

●Amerian Saulon Men 二 Female

mother of Elizabeth. I was born from the Knights, and I was married to the Duchess of Saulon, before I had been away from my parents. And on that day, he was invasion of the Amid empire, and he lost his husband.

The escort of the Duchess of the Duchess of Saulon was very weak, so the escort of the duchess was almost silent, and it was protected by his father (grandfather of Elizabeth) and escaped, and he was involved in the successor disputes of the Duchess of Saulon.

There was also a road to become a plain, but it was not possible to ignore the intention because the leam sand Counter wanted to participate in the successor race.

In addition, even if she has a white flag in the successor fight with Elizabeth, the fact that Elizabeth is recognized by the Duchess of Saulon does not change. In the。 case of Ameria, it was thought that Ludel and Vidal would try to pick Elizabeth from her to use for the abbreviation marriage, etc. It was not able to withstand her.

After that, I had a mental illness, and I had to go to the 院、try according to the recommendation of Lime Sands. However, the pathology had worsened every year and I had a hospital life. I had continued to drink poisons that have a negative impact on the spirit, so it should not be worse.

After that, I was the wife of the Duchess of Saulon, and my husband came to think that he was alive and erroneous.

After encountering Vandalou, the symptoms changed so that he believes that he is his husband. ......It's not cured separately.

By the way, Ameria recognizes that the King of Use is Vandalou, and does not remember the contradiction that his husband exists in multiple separate locations at the same time. Of course, the number of eyes, mouths and legs is large, but it seems to be covered with shells and shells, but it does not care at all.

If it is noted that it is funny about the above thing, Amelia will first be anxious or depressed, even if it is theore  and easy to understand.

If the other party does not stop pointing out, it will cry out, and finally it will be disappointed after malfunctioning. And I forget the things I've ever noticed.

In addition, before crying out, the messenger is obstructed to the conversation, and in emergencies, Vandalou appears to interrupt the conversation, so her crazy is protected.

Vandaloo was also possible to tamper her spirit with [精神ritious erosion], but she acts as her husband in front of her without having to be confident if she could return to her normal time. ......Is it ha er to keep it now than to know the truth, because it is impossible to take the risk of getting sick. It seems that there is such a thought.

After leaving the hospital, he lives in Silky Zakart Mansion, but he sometimes takes care of the magical king.

From the aristocrats of Orbaum, it seems to be overwhelmingly more likely to say that Vandalou is trying to do something to the Duchess of Saulon using her and her daughter Elizabeth.

For her job there is a [invitation 。] or [made] because she was born in the house of the Knight, but she did not plan to become a female Knight, so she worked as a 。 in the house of the Lord for training. That’s why the former Duchess of Saulon was built.

After that, I learned manners, method, shiki, social dance, etc. as a noble wife. After that, I did not experience job change. This is not only Amelia, but also many noble women who are not fighting.

Even though I had not cut the magic until now, I have earned the job and skills of the magic game recently. It is because I learned the sense of using magecraft by transplanting memory with [Venus] from Kanako to perform the leveling, and learned magecraft from practical techniques rather than theory.

As a result, I gained a job of [magic girl] and [mutation girl] instead of [magic girl], and now I succeeded to escape from the influence of a princess. She is almost unfamiliar with Zadilis.

Name: Ameria Saulon

Type: Human

Age: 32

Name: None

Job: Transformation Woman

Level:41

Job history: Apprentice  s  s  s  s 術s

・Passive skills

Mental Pol : 7Lv

Poison Resistance:1Lv

Ability Enhancement: Lead Lv

Self-reinforcement: Husband:1Lv

Self-reinforcement: Transformation:1Lv

・アクティブe skills

Family事Lv

Celebrity Lv

Lv

Pillow: 1Lv

術Lv

Magic Control Lv

Fire Attribute Magic:1Lv

Life Attribute Magic:1Lv

Cane Surgery Lv

1Lv

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

●Kanako Tsuchiya Kaoserv 4 years old (about 15 years old) Female

Idol/pro r who has become a name to the King. Ludolf, a talented staff who had previously visited, had a chance to reunite himself with Rokudo St. in the surprise that he was true. I was able to convince her.

I was shocked by the local taste because Orbaum was devastated because it was focused on future market expansion. However, since Vandalou moved to the reconstruction and reconstruction of the Vidal Magic Empire, it was rethinking. It was safe to see the previous stage.

The reason for Elizabeth and Amelia is the range of errors even if the rival is one or two. I think that it is a position that I joined from the middle, but rather, from her precincts and appearance, I am welcomed to think of "How is it because it is a gem?"

I earned the top skills of [Maito Magic] who 。ed from [Maito Magic] and [Water Attribute Magic]. It seems that both dance and song were used. A high effect is demonstrated by using the same skill as theスキルll chanting to sing.

・Name: Kanako Tsuchiya

・Type: Chaos elf

・Age: 4 years old

・T】 name: [Reincarnation] [Magic Girl] [Evangelist] [Heart]

・Job: Large Magic Girl

・Level:75

・Job history: apprentice 賊giarism 術giarism 賊giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism 花火giarism

・Passive skills

Darkness

Psycho LvLv

Intuition:8Lv

Dead Attribute Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Agility Enhancement: 7Lv (UP!)

Attention: 6Lv

Bo  Attack Force Enhanced (UP!)

High Speed: 5Lv(UP!)

Monster power: 4Lv(UP!)

Magic Resistance:6Lv(UP!)

Color Inc): 6Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Ancestors:8Lv(UP!)

Self Reinforcement: Lead: 7Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Transformation: 8Lv (UP!)

Lead: Geido:4Lv(UP!)

Geido In : 4Lv (UP!)

Magic Power: 1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

舞土魔術:1Lv(A ning from Doctrine Magic!)

Psychic Magic: 1v (A ning from Water Attribute Magic!)

Life Attribute Magic:10Lv(UP!)

Magic precision control: 1Lv

Singing:10Lv

Dance:10Lv

Short:5Lv

Fighters: 6Lv (UP!)

Bowery:6Lv

Brutal Foot: 5Lv

Unlock Lv

TrapLvLv

Throwing術Lv

Lv

Gungy:1Lv

Fireworks: 4Lv(UP!)

Limit: 7Lv (UP!)

6Lv(UP!)

Singing: 4Lv(UP!)

Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Venus:10Lv

Chaos

Diana's protection

Vanderou's protection

Botin's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

Pelia's Guardian (NEW!)

●Milliam Female

He is the leader of Artサー’s Heart Warrior team and has a strong will not depend on the spirit and God. A large vessel with a strong lead. It is said that the candidates who were in Orbaum have been seen, but it is just puzzled because they are not going to be aware of them.

Myriad was a frank thing, but I was going to wear my teeth so that it was easy to hear and talk about details.

In addition, because I expressed the job of [British Conductor], I thought that it was difficult to talk about Vandalu, Kanako, and Zadilis until then, but it was very good for others.

By the way, in my own life, the relationship with Artサー is good.

What is the future of Miriam who became the fourth conductor of the Vandalu team?

●Bokes Z e Great Legend Hero ? Male

One of the undeads who 印象ed with the former “Magic King” Godwin, and Zandia and Gina, a party member from the predecessor, defeated a number of monsters and left a strong impression on people.

The fact that one of the secrets of Tarosム was known by the adventurer ルドld, which caused damage to the roots of the Duchess of Lucas Hartner and the heart and stomach.

It seems that this incident was satisfying for him. I have earned [Pharmaun's protection] because it is enriched as an adventurer. Even if I met, I prayed memorandum, but can I do it?

In addition, in the case of this incident, I was able to arouse [Sword King] to [Sword King].

Perhaps the undead of dinosaurs would be him with the usual meaning in the current Bahngaia continent. This is not a normal meaning.

・Name: VOLKS

・Ranking:16

・Type: Z:e Great Legend Hero

・Level:63

・T】 name: 【Kinno】 【Dead God of Old Skulla Autonomous Ward】 【Dealed Giants killed】

・Passive skills

Darkness

Super power LvLv (A)ning from stiffness & UP!)

Physics Resistance: 10Lv

Attack on Sword Gear: Large (UP!)

Non-metal armor equipped with protection force enhancement: Extreme

Intuition:7Lv(UP!)

Mental Pol : 5Lv

Self-reinforcement: Lead:10Lv(UP!)

Magic Resistance: 4Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Amy Food: 6Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: LvLv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Truth: 1Lv (A ning from Kendo!)

Fighter:10Lv

Bowjob:8Lv

Armor Lv(UP!)

Limit transverse: 10Lv (UP!)

Dismantling: 6Lv

Conductor Lv

10Lv

Teacher Lv

Magical sword limit transverse: 10Lv (UP!)

Armor limit: 7Lv (UP!)

5Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Taros

Vida's protection

Farmown Protection (NEW!)

●Tadano Nezmi Devil Mouse Chief Man ?

In the hidden room of the royal castle, Vandalou was named as Tadano Nezmi in the striking contest of the nezmi held suddenly. As a winning prize, he eats the blood meat of Vandalou, and changes from the mouse to the input mouse.

After that, he led the same family that changed to the input mouse, and conducted an intelligence activity.

After solving the incident, he lives with the same family in the族est box prepared in Silky Zakart Mansion. It seems to be a coexistence by using the intelligence that has been gained as a mage, and by keeping the hygienic lifestyle that is not thought to be a nezumi, and living with walls and pillars.

He often talks with Maheria as a scout. When he tells the word to Maheria, he concludes a conversation with the writing of the letter at the tail.

Also, I feel that I feel like a bone person. The skeleton is seen from Tadano.

I was ranked as a devil mouse chief ofビル 4 which controls the devil mouse of。 3 after I went from Imp Mouse to Little Devil Mouse. It is possible to temporarily increase the body length by 4x and 8x because it acquires the skill of [massification] at 3 levels.

Normally, it is about 20 cm long, but it can be temporarily 160 cm long, and in that state, it can fight against grizzly and tiger of the adult. Even if you don’t know, human fingers can be cut with a sense of snacks by strong anterior teeth and jaw muscles.

Home cats and mountain cats are no longer in danger to him.

Name: Tadano Nezmi

:4

Species: Devil Mouse Chief

Level: 0

・Passive skills

Darkness

Odor Enhancement: 7Lv (UP!)

倫rm:7Lv(UP!)

Poison Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Body Enhancement:Pre-T :6Lv(UP!)

Intuition: 4Lv(UP!)

High Speed Curing)Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Vandalou:10Lv

Ability Enhancement: Lead Lv(UP!)

Monster Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Ninja Foot:8Lv(UP!)

Sensitivity:6Lv(UP!)

Limit LvLv (UP!)

4Lv(UP!)

Conductor: 4Lv (UP!)

Martial arts Lv(NEW!)

Huge Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

●Kunohchen Bournemouth Doragigers ? Male?

A super-huge undead would not know yet in Orbaum. It was not collapsed, but it was broken and dangerous, so it became the castle of Kunohchen instead of the castle, and it became a temporary housing Kunohchen house where evacuation people live.

It becomes a   form by骨 the bones of Marduk from Vanderou, and it becomes a form like a ドラゴン that is upright in combination with the giant form that was originally made, and it is possible to evade the ス poison brain.

The prestige folded the rebellion of the kobit champions and contributed to smooth post-processing.

He would be the strongest undead in Burn Gaia, in the sense that it would be extremely difficult to defeat him.

● Quattro Death Emperor Flagship? age ?

The Quattro flew through the skies of Orbaume, rescuing people with Quinn and Gehennabee, and became the most famous ghost ship in the Chosen Kingdom. During the battle with Guduranis, they provided support by firing artillery.

Even after the incident, it remained in the sky above Orbaum to protect Orbaum from the sky and transport materials. ...It's a source of peace for the people of Orbaume, but it seems to be a source of stress for Corbitt's electors, along with Knochenhaus.

Also, although they do not intend to do so, they are putting pressure on other duchies by flaunting their presence alongside Knochen.

Recently, some of the refugees from Orbaume have started seeking employment, so they hire new sailors and force them into a white working environment.

●Hover Ethnicity 42 years old male

A psychiatrist who is rare not only in the Orbaume Kingdom, but in the entire Lambda world. To be precise, psychology is not yet a recognized discipline in the world of Lambda. However, it is clearly known that there are mental abnormalities such as the [Mental Contamination] skill.

However, even with magic, it is difficult to heal mental wounds, and traditionally the only thing that could be done was to entrust them to a temple.

He was the doctor who stood up to change that. However, although he stood up for himself, he was not able to achieve any results, and on the contrary, he turned a blind eye to the injustice that was being carried out at the mental health clinic...the medicine that the patients were given was poison.

In that respect, he can be said to be one of the accomplices who degraded Amelia.

However, after that, he was led by Vandalieu and parted ways with the director of the mental health clinic. However, he could not forget the guilt he felt for what he had done up until now, so he chose to undergo the punishment along with him, and ate himself a full course meal containing medicine prepared by the director.

However, after being detoxified by Vandalieu, he worked as a mental health specialist in Talosheim. ...There were a large number of traumatized patients at Orbaum, so they returned to their old home in a hurry.

Additionally, the director of his old home is a wooden doll who can only do reception work, and the mental treatment clinic is now both a living facility for patients guided by Vandalieu and a waiting facility for the Familiar King.

Even when Rokudou released monsters, it was protected by the Familiar King that came out one by one from the facility. Since it was originally in a place where there were no people around, there were few monsters that approached it.

In fact, he was a doctor with solid knowledge, skills, and experience, who took one look at Vandalieu and realized that he was ``unmanageably insane.'' However, not only the people around him, but even Vandalieu himself, who believed that he was not insane, did not realize this.

●Hadros Jahan, Titan type, 135 years old, male

A giant race born from the ancestors of the Jahan Duke family, which has ruled the Jahan Dukedom, where there have been many Arda believers since ancient times.

Although he was born as a new race in Vida, he was surrounded by only Alda believers. In order to live there, he is a person who has lived as an Alda believer.

For him, faith was something that allowed him to obtain the qualifications necessary to live in the community of Duke Jahan, so he did not sincerely respect Arda. For this reason, Alda does not think of him as a devout believer.

However, the people around him, especially the people of the territory, consider him to be a passionate and more pious Alda believer than anyone else.

Also, as a duke, he boasts a high level of bravery and is good at [martial arts].

She set her sights on Vandalieu and met him in order to gain a connection, but even now that she was led to his side, she remains an Alda believer from the outside world.

Naturally, Alda uses an oracle to tell his followers about Hadros's betrayal, but it is ineffective because Hadros's social trust is too high, saying, ``We should accept Vandalieu as the savior and his claims, or at least actually see him, listen to his story, and make a judgment.''

There is a duke who has been famous for being a ``devout Alda believer'' for about 100 years and has good governance, and an Alda believer whose name and face are known only to people related to the temple and those in the know. There is no need to try to find out which words the people of the territory believe.

Fortunately, Hadros is working tirelessly to fill his territory with the guidance of Vandalieu and his friends.

I'll start the character introductions on April 4th, and Chapter 15 on April 14th.