Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 327: Two people facing each other

On this day, a little incident occurred in Orbaum.

“It’s a fire! It’s a fire in a lower noble town! The house is burning!”

“Let’s call a fire extinguisher! It’s a vacant house that’s burning... “The cursed house!”

The "cursed house" which was a house of a subclass noble was suddenly wrapped in flame.

A magician who works in the neighborhood residence puts water and sand from the magecraft, and the arms of the guards who specializes in fire extingui  activities, but the "cursed residence" burned down several burned wood. There is no need to burn the garden tree.

"It's not so big, but it's a short time?"

There were some suspicious people, but they didn’t have a deep investigation.

。 Is it something like a curse of a ghost or a ghost?

"Never, the real estate shop and carpenter are very delightful. This is because we have a new house in the changing area. The Alda Temple may take a 団der, but it may take a 団der.

“If you were a temple, you will be receiving it instead of the predecessor. “Aristocratic people who use wasted gold”

The "curved residence" that is said to be burned was planned to be dispatched to the gods of the Alda Temple after a few days if there were no things.

In addition, when the gods stepped into purification of other "cursed residences", they were attacked by a group of skeletons who cheered "Oh," and purified somehow after the 戦ent war (and just compassion), and one undead stepped, and the chief priest of the temple of Zulwarn in the later days, they cleaned and cleaned. There was a case that I was not able to do it by myself.

In addition, the cursed residence of the aristocratic affiliated with the Duchess of Alcrem has been purified to the Honorary Count of Dalcia Zaccato, and it was cleaned before the temple of Alda took out. According to the witness, when she enters the house for a while, it seems that intense flashes from inside the house were instantaneous, so it would use a highly difficult magic.

This was a cursed residence from Orbaum that left the Silky Zaccato Mansion. ......One house that should be burned was moved to the world of Vanderou, but it is only an official to know it.

Write the name of the member and submit it to the office. This is the only procedure for attending a party at a preliminary school.

It is very convenient to understand who was conducting with the penalty of failure when evaluating the績s.

Of course, you can cooperate with other adventurers without registering a party, but in that case, you may not be able to correctly evaluate your績s.

In the case of a preliminary school, it is related to the acquisition of unit.

“This is my team of Elizabeth.”

After submitting the document, he returned to Elizabeth.

"Yes, yeah. I'm looking forward to seeing you again. What's my back?

In the school, Vanderou stands in Elizabeth and keeps it at a reasonable distance.

Looking from Elizabeth, it seems to be a duck, but because of the stable walking method that does not stand the thin footsteps of the presence of Vandalu, it looks like a back spirit.

There is no rule that party members must walk behind the leader.

"It is, of course, because it is a waist drawstring"

If so, why I walked behind Elizabeth, it was because there was a lack of image for positions such as "rewinding" and "long back draw".

"I want to call a abdo、 or a affiliate rather than a hip drawstring."

“Well, you know it?”

“This is because it is important to appeal our bonds around.”

And it seems that it was almost correct. Three of the masters of the waistwear, Mact, Torus, and Usev, have nodded many times, and affirm the behavior of Vandaloo.

“Oh, it’s like you’re a duck!? I’m not sure you’re walking with everyone!”

Elizabeth is angry, but horizontal Maheria and Zona float a bitter laugh and shake the neck side.

"Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.

"I have stopped Alex's solicitation, but recently it decreased the number of times."

“If I see it, I don’t think it’s like that, but I’m looking forward to seeing it separately! It’s just because it’s not efficient to move to a bargain after gathering together.”

It was noted by Maheria and Zona, and it was anザuse immediately. I noticed that I was unconsciously prosperous to the surroundings, but if it is a true personality, I will not make a look.

"I think I can't do it separately. The business of the adventurer is a職業 when licking from the surroundings. If you are undervalued the actual power, you will be charged the request fee, or the evaluation from the ルドld is low, you will be troubled.

It is good to put a habit to appeal to the surroundings from now on.

And Vanderou understands that he is looking forward to. He analyzes that he is a kind of demonstration that attracts popular people to take care of. By doing so, it appeals the power of the community.

For this reason, Elizabeth didn’t remember any discomfort to bring their own.

"Oh, I feel like I'm doing a child-like thing if I understand calmly.

However, because of the fact that you have added it, it is not rumored that Alex's solicitation failed. I'll continue to work with you."

Yes. Possessed, I go with it.

In fact, I was worried about whether Elizabeth had a ghost. It may be too nervous, but it may be unforeseen.

Now, in front and back of their house, and on the roads used in school, we have installed a small demons. ......Now, the outcome is a light criminal who is unrelated to Elizabeth’s ... I found a crime such as clarity, re ement, and suri, and just arrested several people.

“What did you say about it? I’m going to take part in the practice more quickly than that. Is there just a good practice?

Elizabeth asks today’s appointments to Maheria, without deeply thinking about Vandaloo’s words.

The preliminary school is the same as other adventurous schools. The normal adventurous school has not managed so finely but is unity. The number of attendees to the class is not considered to be most of the results, and the results are reviewed.

Therefore, if you are confident, you can not take practice once, and you can only take the exam. ...... It is difficult to get a unit if you don't have a higher grade, because it is not a grade of practice.

“Yes, today’s internships are alchemy, work, and cooking. Alchemy is an open-air ready-to-seat cane making, the work will be a practice of cooking outdoors, repairing samurai in the outdoors, and practical cooking.

“It’s not the beginning, but it’s not open-air... Let’s make alchemy. Everyone should have not yet taken the alchemy unit.

In this way, the first practice of Vandalu’s Elizabeth Party was to create an instant cane that acts as a magecraft medium in the open air...

"Elizabeth! I think that cooking is good!"

However, Suddenly Zona strongly recommended cooking.

“Oh?”

“Yes, Elizabeth! Alchemy has a lot of participants, so it’s better to take care of the ingredients! It’s better to cook less people than that!”

The opinions of Zona are supported by Elysabス, followed by the magic class in the party, and Uzev, who should be interested in alchemy.

Let’s cook it. I have a unit of practical cooking, and if there is Vandalou, it seems to be a good result.

Can you cook Vandalou?

“I’m sorry... I don’t take my chef today, is it good?”

“No, it’s not a practice, but a person who cooks the opponent who actually fought.”

"I will depend on the contents of the training, but ..."

The chefs who armed with huge kitchen knives and meat slapping had a meeting with new people at Silky Zakart Mansion.

"The challenge of today's practice is "the cuisine when the escort of the学者 aristocratic escorts on long-term fieldwork in the remote outdoors"

Temporarily – In response to the opinions of the instructors who were worried about whether Vandaloo had really practiced, Meolilis requested – a dundrip who was in charge of practical cooking ... Randruff reads the challenges with eyes like dead fish.

The location is not outside of Orbaum, but the hierarchy of the wilderness inside the practice dungeon. It is not possible to travel for many days to move to the land that was a problem. For this reason, there are many hierarchies of practical dungeons.

“I know Dr. Dandrip’s adventurers have a lot of emergency situations every day, but are there any such problems?”

One of the students who are trained, Alex asks for semi-final questions. I answered the question by laughing without power.

ALEX You don’t have such a noble. However, there is such a noble in reality. The name is not clear, but I have more than 10 times that I can get to the aristocratic requester who tells the deer things. The principal of Meolilis will be in the same way.

Hearing the answer, Alex's face is surprised to say "Maji??" The difference between students and other students is amazing. But it is true.

“Is it time for you to see where you crush one of the 賊efs?” The escorts were asked, but the escorts were asked, and the escorts were hired by a deer aristocratic, such as the escorts who attempted to fight the adventurers who hired, like a 駒oma.

In the middle, there was a lot of serious consideration that I was trying to kill the con、y because I received the penalty of failure.

By the way, the name of the Mashika noble family does not調べ the descendants of the Mashika noble family, and if the name of the house examines the record of the adventurer ルドld and the information of the noble people, it is because the adventurous who received the request at that time may be considered as Randrph rather than Dundrip.

“I don’t make mistakes.” There is no deer in the noble. There is only a deer in the aristocratic.

There are wise people in the plains, nobles, kings, adventurers, and any group. If you go to the library, you can read a lot.

In the students, Randruff釘ed nails, saying, “Nowhere is the deer being?” to the students from the plains and merchants.

In fact, there are no occupations or races that were not alone in the life experience of Randolph, including Elf.

(I can’t say that I’m wise or liked)

“However, your predecessors aren’t such a者ish person, and we hope that you will be a者ish person in the future.” If you don’t have a question, you can start the issue. 2 hours

Yes, there is a question.

“...Well, what’s going on?

“Yes, can we use the ingredients we have?

"... basically it is rejected. As you can see, your predecessors are traveling with escorts for a long time. It seems that food that is not good for saving is after eating.

Seasonings such as water, salt and sugar, dried meat, and bread are provided here. Cooking Equipment

Randolph does not wary the common sense of Vandaloo. If you have any questions, you know that you are not answering this question.

“Is it possible to use some of the magical ingredients?”

If you’re wondering, it’s because it’s an Isen who is today with Vandaloo.

"It's more delicious than the preserved food"

"...I'll be."

Aisen is proud to shake the fruit that is fruitful. Randolph sees the fruit of the person who is actually on the branch, not her chest.

Even if it is a breed that can be normally used for food, there is no tailor to make obesity. However, Isen, a plant-shaped monster, can realize the fruit that is damaged even if taken, and also take the delicacy.

It is the most advanced material as ingredients, even from the eyes of Randolph. All of us will be satisfied.

Allow. Because it is obedience, it will not be a problem even in long journey"

At the moment Randolph said that, multiple students shed breath, say heaven, and demonstration in each way.

It is because there is no expectation to win the fruits of Aizen and the ingredients of the tree.

Elizabeth, who knows it, is proud to win, and other members, too.

Start a challenge

Students moved according to Randolph’s Ordinance. I understand that the top of the results is impossible, but I have a good feeling in the posture that is self-discovered.

ALEX is also a member of the party.

“We need to cook Aisen’s fruit and sap.”

After the winning Elizabeth, Zorna had left his inner heart when he was out.

(In this class, I thought that there is a chance to be two people, but it is not necessary to move.) Failed! It was good to check the people of the 魔gue that Vandaloo was brought first!)

Zona claimed to receive practical cooking practice was to attract Vanderou asクトd by the facts yesterday.

In order to do so, it is necessary to become two people, but the possibility is low in alchemy and work classes. However, I thought it would be necessary to find ingredients and cook them.

It’s a dungeon to practice, but if you’re a fan of Vandaloo, you can kick off your magic. So, if Elizabeth worked together, it was going to suggest that the efficiency and limit time were divided.

However, it is necessary to in、 Vanderou before seeing Eisen.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. I think that the skin of the face is thick, but it can not withstand. ......

Zona saw his chest. Of course, I wear armor because it is in practice, but underneath it is packed with good swelling that grows well.

In addition to the chest, Zona was confident in his looks and style. The face is slightly childish, but it is similar to the lower dwarf. If you look at the upper eye, you will get a lot of men.

However, the twin hill of Aizen is a great place to runラari and eyes. It is overwhelmingly surpassed. It is clear that the difference in the fight is very good. In addition, it is released to the color of the adult that is not in the zona.

Of course, you will be able to bet on the following classes, lunch breaks, afternoon classes and after school.

However, Isen is always on the practice. In the afternoon, Paula will also eat lunch together. Also, after today's school, special lessons are closed. ...... Even if it is not a break, it seems that there is a timing that can be attracted.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

“I think Elizabeth should challenge more. Search for other ingredients or defeat the monsters.

It was Aisen who responded the word of Zona the earliest.

"It's delicious, try it!"

I thought I was hurting the pride as an ingredient, and I tried to get the fruit cut from the branch to the mouth of the zona.

“I’m waiting! I know it’s delicious! I know it’s delicious!”

I see. It is determined that if there is the fruit and the liquid of Aizen, it will be the top. However, it is not possible to crush two hours of cooking. We need to collect ingredients for your own.

That’s it?

Vandalu, who is not other, interpreted the true intention of the words of Zona.

Of course, Vandaloo is not going to follow Zona. I really thought she would be like to do so. In my head, I was a senior. I think that there is a desire to improve.

“No, yes, Elizabeth! I don’t want to be misunderstood as I’m relying on my juniors!”

“Let’s make Alex more different!”

Adding to the boost of zona by magto and torus. I thought Maheria was something strange, but Elizabeth opened his mouth before making it a word.

“...it’s right. Let’s prepare the ingredients by hand. Isn’t it alone?

It is misunderstood that the junior is relying on Vanderou. The word of the fact moved Elizabeth, a splendid character.

"It's good!"

If it is such a reason, I was convinced that the original position is displayed. Isen, a high ranked monster, is overwhelmingly superior to all the magic that appears in this practice dungeon.

Elizabeth was not aware of the true power of Aisen, but in this dungeon, she had no escort.

」

"Is it good to be separated by Elizabeth and Maheria, three of us, Zona and Vanderou?" It is a balance between escorts and escorts.

Let’s do it. Go, Maheria

ザzaves agreed to the proposal of Euzev. Although he thought that he was still unfamiliar, he was not a premature to learn the sense of crisis, so he preferred to go about Elizabeth which he walked earlier.

Let’s go here. Aizen, please store the sap in this pot."

』

Home Thank you for your support!

So Zona walked to Aisen and Vandaloo, who voiced the mascot that he continued. Be sure to invite you to get information, or if you want to get the basis of being able to entrust yourself with peace of mind, you should decide on it.

By the way, Zona is two, but there are countless spirits around Vanderou and powerful ghosts.

“Ufufufu, the Maje』 of the Day”

This morning, if you know that there is a Levia princess as a reward that burns and burns the fake "cursed residence" and burns it, you might lose much shy.

She is not inferior to Aizen because she is rich.

There is no magic. If you don’t get away from Aizen, it might be better.

And Vandaloo, the target of Zona, did not recognize her thing as an opposite sex. If you say more precisely, it was not the subject of love.

Vandaloo is a boy who is experiencing the third puberty, although he may be able to understand whether he is healthy or not. Not interested in it.

However, he already has a number of婚s... it is too much to be the emperor of the country. One child's father. Therefore, it is not to see the opposite sex other than the marriage.

...... If zona was a girl full of physical beauty in the muscle sense, it might be approached as a蛾 that is attracted to the in蛾 moth light.

“Hey, they’re two people.”

As a result of walking away from Aizen, Zona moved away from Elizabeth and other students.

“...? That’s right.”

However, the reaction of Vandalu is dull, which is seen that there are countless spirits, Levia princess, Dalok and Bale Celtic in addition to Zona.

“I don’t hold my hands?”

“It’s dangerous to block one hand during practice.”

“I thought that I would be asked by Vandaloo from before, but it is different from other boys...”

Thank you. “It’s a high nose when it’s said to seniors.”

"...Where do you like the son of Vandaloo? Do you hate the daughter of Dwarf?"

"I think the child with muscle is preferred. Dwarf people think that it is great because the density of muscles is higher than human species, which is low in the back."

Vandalou answered the question, but it was a strange thing. Even if his eyes are in a human sense, zona is different from usual, and it is noticed that he continues to talk about not usually topic.

(Is this anxious about what I have for you?)

However, the guess after I noticed was wrong.

(Because I’m unexpressed, I always think I’m a smile, so I can smile, but it’s hard to do anything other than ‘smiling’.)

Due to their lack of emotional expression, there is a problem with the relationship of the party. Vandaloo, who seemed liked, tried to solve the misunderstanding.

“Ki, muscle? Well, what’s going on?”

I think it is an important partner. I’ve just joined me and I’m not sure if I’ve been talking about it.”

Suddenly speaking to the tongue, Vanderou is a surprise and instantaneous.

"The sharpness of Iwaki is also inside, and if you train it, you will become an adventurer. Of course, I love everyone else, but I don’t just like that, but I’m also grateful to everyone and I’m feeling the charm.

For example:

However, Vandaloo will continue to talk as it is, and we will spur the words to solve the misunderstandings soon. When I noticed misunderstandings, I should not solve the problem. Later, it is not such a case, or later, it becomes troublesome and troublesome. In some cases, it is tragedy or comedy.

"Ef。ively, you can solve the tension of everyone and calm down when it gets hot. Elizabeth and his masters of masturbation.

However, in the middle of the scene of Vanderou, the subtle thing appeared.

It is someone's status. Vandaloo's status is not clear from the content. Of course, it’s not an undead or fellow.

The name is Alex.

How do I do?

Is it possible to see the status of the Alex on your own eyes? It seems that there is nothing in Zona, so it is not a phantom that was reflected in the sky.

However, you can see why you can see Alex status right away. I noticed that it was a [magic eye of the big appraisal] in the field of his unique skill.

"Emergency! From where Alex sees my status! Look for it!"

The status of Alex was not bounced by the effect of the maze, but it disappears from Vanderou, who noticed that it is due to the effect of [root source], which is the skill that [in depth] was a。ned.

By instructing a friend in a neighbourhood, Levia princess who drifted around him drifts down to find out where Alex is looking.

“What? What? What?”

There is no time to explain to Zona. Vandaloo triggers the Death Attribute Magic of [Life Sensing]. It is not possible to distinguish whether the student in this hierarchy and the life reaction of the magic. You can only guess from the location and number.

“The Maje , Gwhadghan found! It’s the right of his Maje ! I’m looking at this in the shade of rocks using the light attribute magic!”

Vandaloo, who heard the early report of the Princess of Levia, said, "I know," he hugged the zona because it is dangerous to leave it alone if Fushihei is.

"No, I'm sudden!? I'm waiting! I'm attracting, but I'm preparing my heart."

。 However, it is an emergency. We apologize for any inconvenience.

In such a case, he escorts Elizabeth, who is acting with the Princess of Levia.

And Vandalou himself ran towards Alex while emb、ing Zona with both hands.

“Hyah!”

Alex is usually looking for ingredients, and it was divided into two hands. One is looking for ingredients, but the other is to check the status of Vandaloo with Alex.

"Is it a good idea for my husband?"

Towa, the girl of the rabbit beast, said to be worried about his husband Alex. He is silent while he saw the appearance of Vandalu reflected by distortion of light with the photo attribute magic.

We are not a preliminary school student, but we are participating in practice as an ALEX物. Now the escort is her role while he confirms the status of Vandaloo.

"... Oh, it was me."

Alex told Towa the outcome while he was aware of cold and sweating.

As I expected, Vandalou's status was not read by mosaic. Like my sister Paulina, Isen and Vampire. ......You can read the undead that is self-proclaimed by the chef.

It is good. I know that the status of the opponent whose power is overwhelmingly exceeded is not read.

It is assumed even if Vandalu was the case because Paulina and obedience were.

“If you have a hand, you might be a good partner.”

However, the mosaic is not expected.

Even if you are a big appraisal, you can not read the status of the opponent whose ability is overwhelmingly above Alex. The characters and numbers are all mosaic.

However, you can guess the skill you have from the mosaic table.

"The magnitude of the ability is clear. Passive skills, active skills, and unique skills.

I thought he would be more than an A-class adventurer, but it might not be enough.

I was an alex that had been moving my mouth because of the cold and sweat that I did not stop, but suddenly I felt that the whole body was overwhelmed by something.

(What???)

When you move the eyeball that is free, and look at the towa, she seems to be the same. I'm trying to escape from something, but I'm not working.

(There is no art that resists our magic while turning the fangs to the great Vandaloo.) dwarf and weak)

The “something” that encloses the movement of Alex was the space where Gwhadghan操s with magic.

This is the inside of the dungeon, though she was not. And she is the wicked god of maze. Even if you have a lot of talent, you shouldn’t have a win against Alex and Towa.

It is possible to force pressure and kill. But Gwhadghan did it.

A resembles a great vandaloo and his friends, and a resembles a school life that is even more enjoying, and a resemble that looks at the status, and a towa, who calls him the main person, is only a pest for Gphadoghan.

It should not be extinguished from the world known for the great Vanderlus. I think.

However, Vandaloo doesn’t want it, but Gufadghan doesn’t kill only by catching Alex.

After that, you can move in an instant if you do not hide the skills of [Maze Creation].

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

At the next moment Gwadghan said, Vandaloo, who embraced the zona that looked before Alex and Towa, appeared.

?」

And Alex 術, a man elf spontaneously raised on a顔 face that ran through the power of the spatial attribute magic of Gphadoghan. Randrph appeared on the dド lip.

“Alex asks questions from now”

"To be honest and accurately answer Vanderou's questions"

And I opened my mouth while watching Vandaloo and Randolph.

"If I don't, I will fight with the teacher to start the front."

“If I don’t, I’m going to fight with the student to protect the audience.”

Next story will be posted on August 2nd.