Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 374: Farewell in the season of encounters and farewells, and a blank check

Before the paper written largely as human rights, the man tears.

(Human rights: If I think, my life was a life that was swayed with this human rights)

A man was born in  , and no one has the right as a person. I have been stealing, depriving and deceived to fulfill my wishes as a living organism.

And the man was working as a member of a crime organization. I knew that there were people who live truely in the world, but he continued to deceive others’ human rights without thinking that he was not related.

As a result, if you notice it, you can take it to the workshop of Vanderou.

A man was called as an experimental animal, not a name. It was a forced harem life that was given a three-eyed diet and a strange drug, not heavy work until he died on his neck and mine.

Because eight women chose a man to their opponents, the man encouraged her opponents at noon.

The room where a man is supervised mainly for women is wide and well-品ipped, and the sleeping table is wide enough for a giant couple to spread their legs and sleep comfortably.

Therefore, the man tried to resist, but I tried to give a scream that is not screaming, but I continued to milk without concern.

The treatment of a man may not seem to be a person who is treated with very experimental animals. “If there is such a prison, I want to have a lifetime.”

However, if you know that all of the women who are milking are undead, you will be 、ry to change the prede、ation.

Actually, I thought that a man was eating in a diet rather than sexually. In addition, undead......If you are serious about doing such a thing to the z e opponent, you can not think about it.

However, Luciliano, who is leading experiments, has no interest in the common sense and chastity of men, and many times complained of “I’m sorry!”, it was only possible to drink, suction, and inject essentials without regard to the will of a man.

Some tailors heard that they used a slave of women in order to express their tasted  and augers, but they despaired whether they were in their position.

No, because the opponent is undead, it is not possible to make a child. Instead of being engaged in heavy work until tied neck and dying, I thought that it will be used to abdo ly die experiments without the meaning of a madman.

However, it was easy to think about it.

The undeads were not particularly ugly when the fear was seen frequently. It was a trend that the appearance was well.

In addition, there is no odor because it is stopping敗 with special magic. The skin does not feel like blood, it is cold, and it is cloudy with no light on the eyes. It seems that it does not change as a living woman except it.

Then he talked to the Undeads. And the undeads responded normally to the man. The conversation was established.

Then, a man actively communicates with the undeads. At first, I think that you might be able to escape from here using her.

A man has no 感lt in the fact that he has been deprived of, deprived of, and lived in food. The past was rooted in the personality of a man.

Then, listen to the names of the Undeads, and listen to the hobby, why they chose them. I was talking about my own thing.

When I noticed, the man was aware of the undeads, not the undeads.

Then I changed my resume. She was encouraged to learn knowledge and vocational training. Because the meal is also brought by daemon, it became a hand dish of her.

And surprisingly, she had a life in her body. ...... I noticed that the belly of her is visible and it is very swelling.

Undead is a child. It was an unbelievable mir  for a man, but it seemed to have been expected to lead a research.

A man did not know, but it was confirmed in animal experiments that the undead, which was シスed by the vindalous and region シスis, could affect pregnancy by reproductive activity with the birth.

In the experiment where a man was in a mormott, it was a good idea to see how the child was born and how it could grow properly.

And when a man and her children were born, they examined and examined Luciano, Vanderou, and Legion’s Iシス carefully. It is a communicator of the dead and the dead. It is an important problem to grow properly.

When I looked at it, a woman with a ghost joined the harem of a man, and a child with a ghost was born.

The end of the experiment and the graduation of the man was passed from Lucia. I heard that there was an experimental body other than myself in the words, but actually it was a graduation ceremony that was collected between the workshop and the likes I met for the first time.

“You may have questions about the meaning of ceremonies, but this is the mentor’s policy. It is also meaningful to the ceremonies that seem to be waste, and it is effective to the consciousness of the participants.

If you do, you will need this expression to be separated from the criminal to the experimental animal again.

In the words of Luciano, the man gave his inner 、, but his mentor... If you don't know that you are not enough, you can convince yourself.

“Oh, I say for the sake of mind, but the paper written “Human Rights” at the top of the document is a substitute for a souvenir. If you lose or damage it, you will not lose your rights as a person you have obtained.

Lucia, who explains human rights. It seems to be a deer for men, but not. The concept of human rights is not common in this world.

The royalty and the royalty have different rights like a different物ature. This is the world where many people recognize it.

There is no one who knows human rights as a concept and knows what human rights are guaranteed.

The man knows about human rights is the学dow of the Siem Religion after he came to Vidal Magic Empire.

“This is the word from the master to you, but I hope you are a good parent.”

A man who was an experiment is a person who was実験ing without exception in the country that was caught. I chose it in consideration of the罪s and personality that I committed, but it is not the same as being a criminal.

Do you want to make your own self-reliance in order to reward such people?

However, there is an example of Ira and Chiplus, which was the subordination of the original Vampire Tennessia after being undeaded in the Vidal Magic Empire.

In addition, it is not possible to deprive parents from children born from the result of the experiment.

Vandaloo thought that it was obliged to make their life better after being praised, more than having taken them to this world for experiments. ......The reason is that the experimental man had experience in za  and vocational training.

In fact, men changed. The past is unchanged, but for its compensation, and we face the future of life positively whether we are proud of our children.

They were an adult in the arms of the undeads of women sitting in the graduation guardian seat.

(The master was named as a temporary term for the Tori Aezu, but what kind of growth will he achieve?)

The result of the experiment was undeaded. The child is close to the red child. Depending on the characteristics of the parent, the ears are pointed, and the lower body is shaped like snakes,コops, and sp s. However, it seems that the red child of the corresponding breed does not change.

However, the color of the skin is poor, and the eyes are the same color as the eyes. If the eyes are black, the white part is black, and the white part is blue one color.

And the surprising point is that the child is aware of the on-off of the drumming. Normally, it does not move the heart, it is necessary to move the heart and demonstrate high physical ability. The heart is not an important organ that is essential for life activity, but it is like a auxiliary power to move when it is.

It seems that it is probably a breathing habit, but breathing seems to be from usual because it is necessary to 震  air in order to make a voice. When sleeping, do not stop breathing.

and grow by increasing the level and rank. The rank of birth is 0. It is one of the mutations of goリンs, horn ビットs, and just ミs. Not only the knowledge of Lucia, but also the literature left in the adventurer ルドld, the magician ルドld, and the memory of the former magician 術d, the magic that ranked 0 was not existed except the life dead created by the life attribute magic.

However, as the child is crying, he will be ranked up in about three months from birth because of his experience while crying, laughing, and sleeping.

?」

“What are you doing?”

and grow from newborns to children. They heard that their ranks were 0, and they found their status.

Perhaps it is a breed that grows by stacking up the level and rank rather than the year. There is no interest in how to grow, when to reach an adult, or if you are not sure yet. However, if you understand that it grows, it is enough for experiments. After that, you can check the time for years and years.

I’m in the middle of my work. Let's wait a little more!

」

......

"Mother, rave, rave"

It is possible to earn an experience value to the co d child and rank up in a short time, but as a result, only the body is able to grow rapidly. There is no urgent situation that the country will die if you do not grow fast, or if you do not grow rapidly, you will not win the Alda force. No need to do it.

Some children are already more firm than mothers.

“If you receive a document, let’s guide you to your new residence.”

Then the men実験d the experimental animals and became the Vidal Empire.

On the other hand, there was a graduation ceremony at Orbaum’s preparatory school.

"Mothers, Graduation"お, !

On the altar, meorilis has been imp ed, and he has given a word of celebration to卒業s repeatedly. It is very important for her.

"I will announce the principal graduation this year! Elizabeth Saulon, the following five people, to the altar!"

And Meolilis announced as the main graduation, not Alex and his party, but Elizabeth. Alex also struggled, but he couldn’t run away from the撃sabス who was trained by Vandaloo.

“I don’t regret it, but I don’t do it.”

“Oh, you won’t win the “Making King”. Elizabeth has become a different person before."

。 I think I can't win even if I win in the Vanderlust state.

Elizabeth is not the party of Vandalu. Even if you pull out Vanderlus, it is difficult to win Elizabeth in the current Alexes.

ザzabeth’s growth and abilities have already been spreading between the pre-school students. If they were relying on Vandalou, the twelve and twenty of the chin would have been whispered. However, it is an envy eye that is now directed to her.

“Vandalu, Paula... I’m sorry, but I’m not sure what to say right now because I was a school preschool.”

"Eri-chan! You! Maheria! Everyone is nice!"

In addition, there is no seat of parents in the graduation ceremony of the ordinary adventurer school, but in the case of a preliminary school, the aristocrat who is the guardian of the student is asked to visit, so it is prepared firmly.

It was not assumed that the Empress and Queen (?) of the neighboring country came, so the tension was raised on the face of the parents of other students.

If you’re wondering, Dalcia and Ameria, a national important person, might have come out especially if you’re trying to hang a little bit on Amelia, which has a mental problem.

“Do you not have a graduation in Pauvina next spring?”

"It's right. Pauvina's party members are very nice.

"It may be sad, but I can't do it. The   of the end is obedient.

However, Rhinehards should not be a problem even if they。. If you are a half-year graduation, you will have no change.

However, because there are姿s, bellmonds and eleonolas, they are more mature than the cats they have borrowed.

"As a representative of、s, I will be embarrassingly working as one of the students who studied at this school."

As a representative, the party leader Elizabeth greeted and the graduation ceremony of the preparatory school was over. There are no s or gifts. It is because it is enough because it is written on the ルドld card of the early adventurer who冒険d the adventurer reserve school.

In this graduation ceremony, there are almost no students who evacuate intense、s such as tears. It is because this school is just a passing point for students who attend this school.

“Oh, I’m a teacher! I don’t forget my life if I was taught to the teacher!”

He said to him, “Teacher” responded while wiping tears over and over again.

“I’m a student, but I’m a student.”

"Yes, Mr. Vanderou! Thank you! But I also stop the instructor and resume the adventurer's activities, so it's not a teacher anymore!"

“This is a single one. Thank you again for your continued support.

Although the student was not crying, Vandaloo was burned his hands to Aisam former teacher who is crying very much.

“What is rival? Do you want to act as an adventurer?”

The teacher of Vandalou is still a preliminary school instructor, Harbinger.

“Eh, there should be no rules that the ruler of the country should not register on the adventurer ルドld.”

“Is it right?” Please do your best.

Herbidger was deeply acquainted with the adventurer ルドld, who would be str ling to replace Meolilis in one corner of his heart.

And the Elizabeth descended from the ebony deeply breathed.

“I don’t want to」.”

I was able to become the main seat. I thought that I was aiming for when I enrolled.

And it has been released from the pressure of the shield of the back shield, such as the request from the eld of Lime Sands, or if it is not responded to it, it is necessary to choose whether the aid is completely stopped or the body is sent out.

On the other hand, the purpose of "明ing the nose of the brothers who are abdo。 for mothers" is also achieved. So there was no reason to continue the adventurer who was originally from Elizabeth.

However, Elizabeth doesn’t want to冒険 from an adventurer’s preliminary school, but it’s not a burning syndrome that develops on a serious problem.

"Miss, Dijoub" If you say Dijoubu, it is definitely dijoubu. I am always on the basis of my daughter.

"Yes, Vandaloo also said to dispatch an undead of the original writer"

"We are also fine, but we can help you!"

"I have no confidence!"

I repeatedly encouraged Elizabeth to be the most trusted friend and samurai woman, Maheria, who grew up with her sister. In addition, we will continue to be able to wear the backwear of Macto Hamilton, Torus Zetz and Euzef Catalonis.

Four of them, Elizabeth screamed with tears.

“I don’t tell you that you feel like you’re worried about it!”

“I don’t know, my lady!”

"But we are full of anxiety!"

The reason why Elizabeth didn’t want to graduate is that she didn’t succeed in the Duke of Saulon after graduation. ......It is said that the ambition came true if you think about the cata phic history, which took part in the trajectory of the Duchess of Saulon. However, as Elizabeth, it is not possible to make it. It is a nuisance.

Now, except that the mother Amelia does not return positively, it is going in a good direction. I became the main seat that was the goal, but the blood is not connected, but the younger brother and sister were built and the family was built. In the future, we will live to the future with trusted colleagues.

It is only said that it is troubled even if the housekeeper was sent out from the old巣est that I thought that I reported more than one arrow as a result.

In addition, if this is a little aristocratic or merchant, it is still the Duke. The knowledge and experience required, and the weight of the weight of the pressure.

The Majelias who should support it are the same, and the samurai and the lords who were not expecting to take over the house from the beginning should not be able to be able to perform enough as soon as the Duchess side.

“I don’t do that. That’s what Vandalou lends his power.

Only Zona is laughing with an attitude that can only be seen。ten.

“I don’t rely on it!”

Elizabeth did not allow him to rely on Vanderou from the problem of pride, and he rebeled.

“I’m already in the house, but I’m going to do this!”

Before entering the school, Elizabeth screamed.

“Oh, my life is going to the sea of storms.” I don’t know what to do, but let’s go step by step without being discarded.”

And Vandaloo, who is the 凶endous serif, encourages Elizabeth.

......

It’s an exorcious, but Vandalou has just made her home to the brother of Elizabeth.

My brother and the people around them are afraid of Vanderou and I have sent her home. In addition, the cause of this is because it was revealed the overwhelming power of Vanderouts by a series of incidents revived by the King Gudulanis and the績s defeated it. This cannot be a fault.

That’s why I don’t know. A little daughter and a monk just d from the preparatory school in the principal. It is impossible to talk about the operation of the Duchess. Rely on Van

Zona lifts Vandalou like a doll and touches Elizabeth. However, Elizabeth逸s his eyes.

“But it’s not a puppet.” I say again, but I also have a pride in me.

"...I feel like a lady and a lady. However, it is impossible to participate in the administration of the Duke in our current power.

As you can block the escape, you will be surprised by the maheria, which you just returned.

"So, I have to ask for someone. Is it Van? That’s why Van is not good.

You can turn the Duchess by yourself without relying on it, and then return the borrowed amount to Van.

The words of Zona were the most. The reason why Elizabeth can’t get the right knowledge and experience to the Duchess of Saulon in a short time. So now, you have to put the pride on the shelf and ask for the Vanderou and borrow it later.

Of course, it is a way of thinking that if there is no great trust to the customer. If you’re heading to the same level, you’ll think of the danger that you’ll be able to take on the Duchess of Saulon or take away from later.

But Elizabeth already knew. For Vandalou, there is no reason for the Duchess of Saulon, which is worth obtaining until you are behind you.

“I think you can’t succeed if you don’t want to cross the Duchess of Saulon.”

And Vandaloo said that.

“What do you say now? What do you do with the Duchess of Saulon?”

"I think I should be able to do anything"

Then, I looked at Vanderou, which I could say without instantaneously while holding it to Zona, and I was aware of it again.

“...I don’t say that.”

If he were to give up, Vandalieu might really treat the Sauron Duchy with an attitude of ``I don't care.'' It may actually work in some way, but it's certainly not a very good method.

"I understand. I'll do it if you want, but don't make a sound. In return, I'll do whatever it takes to repay your debt later!"

Having made up her mind, Elizabeth pointed her finger at Vandalieu's face and declared.

"Okay. Now, let's change the terrain."

However, even though he was prepared, Vandalieu's actions still surprised him.

“If Elizabeth-sama can repay my debt no matter what, then I am worthy of her trust.”

"Well, there's a limit..."

In response to Vandalieu, Elizabeth had no choice but to say in a voice that seemed to disappear while pointing her finger at Vandalieu.

●Job explanation: Transducer written by Luciliano

If it's a job that guides beings who have undergone reincarnation... then it would target all living things in this world, including monsters, insects, and flowers, so it seems different.

It is probably a job that guides those who have experienced reincarnation in a state where their consciousness and memory... so-called identity has been maintained for some reason.

For example, Pauvina who was pseudo-reincarnated, Legion who was transferred from another world as a soul and reincarnated, Kanako and others who were also reincarnated from another world, and demons. Furthermore, the effect targets all undead and golems created by the master.

However, rather than being reincarnated, she came from another world... Mei Amamiya, who was merely transferred, has also improved the effectiveness of the guidance she has received since her master took on this job.

Therefore, this job transfer may not only mean reincarnation, but also ``a person whose environment has changed significantly.'' As expected, I don't think it matters if there are changes such as transfer, reassignment, job change, or relocation.

- Race explanation: Corpse child written by Luciliano

A race of undead and experimental men, born from a mixture of immortals and living people. The appearance, characteristics, and internal structure of the baby (as examined by the master in spirit form) are the same as that of a baby if its parents were living. However, the beating of the heart is not essential for survival; the same goes for breathing. Most likely, normal poisons won't work on them, and they won't get sick.

It seems that the rank at birth is 0, and it grows in proportion to the level up, and advances to the next stage each time the rank increases. Rank 0 is infant, rank 1 is infant (1 to 3 years old). Rank 2 or higher is currently unconfirmed.

However, my guess is that they become adults (over 15 years old) around rank 5, and after that, they grow up but do not age, just like immortal races such as the demon race.

Additionally, if the mother is a ghost-type undead, the child will be born with a body made of a spirit. The characteristics in that case are also the same as when there is a physical body.

I haven't confirmed if the mother is an undead skeleton or living armor type, but...if pregnancy becomes possible, wouldn't a corpse baby be born?　

The next episode will be posted on June 16th. Sorry, I'll postpone it for a day (thank you)