Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 410: The political speculations of the dukes regarding the Fazon duchy

The Duchess of Fazon surrendered, and the Duchess of Fazon surrendered the other decades of the Kingdom of Orbaum.

After a while, the army will be re ed and cured. Of course, it’s not just a bachelor’s。, but an army and sharp army.

In this “Ramda” world, it is common to win when the average soldier and one of them fight. Even though it is not so much, it is almost impossible to force a knight with a C-class adventurer equivalent to an average soldier equivalent to an E-class adventurer.

The Duchess of Fazon may have the potential to have a defiant fantasy yet. For this reason, other dukes need to dispatch more than B-class adventurers.

In addition, it is necessary to send many soldiers because it is necessary to not only a few sharpness to prevent deterioration of security.

It was also anxious material that the residual party of the "five-colored blade" and the A-class adventurer group who had a friendship with the honeys. ......The upper part of each Duke’s house is already heard that they have escaped from the Baangaia continent, but if you announce publicly, it is said to be “anxious material”.

It was a good idea to have been missing in this way rather than chewed by her.

In this case, the substitute dispatched by each Duchess is to spread political battles to get interest.

I can't do it. I'm heavier to load.

Before the battle began, Elizabeth Saulon fried the white flag.

"I will say that it is better to participate in the form even if there is no intention to do it."

“Beyond the Vidal brother, you should go on your brother.”

"Duke, such a serious role, I do not work very much for young people."

“Oh, I’m hurting my head because there is a lack of human resources. There is a problem to rely on Vandalou. What do you think?

“Who asked me to recommend the right person to the former Duchess?”

Her own castle of the Duchess of Sauron ... Elizabeth still remembers the disagreement of such reviews, and Elizabeth and his abdo。, who became the Duchess of Sauron, and Vidal of Omaque consulted.

“First time... I’m on my brother Ludel. Sure, I don’t have to go on my brother than I’m nominating directly.”

"Sorry, Elizabeth" Thank you for your understanding.

"I don't care about it. You have something you can only do.

The abdo  of Elizabeth is not the ancestors of the Duchess of Saulon. Maheria, the same as the real sister, is a family-based family that has been serving as a family of mothers. Euzevs is herself in Orbaum.

On the other hand, many of the aristocrats who have subst ted to the Duchess of Saulon, whose lord, were pledgeed to the brother of the former Duchess, who struggled with her and the Duchess.

Now I swear to Elizabeth who became the New Duke, but I have no time to establish a trust relationship.

In addition, Vidal is here because all of her abdo、 Maheria are minors, and even if you are fighting with weapons, it is a political force.

There is no reason why my mother Amelia is one of the causes of heart disease, but he is only one of the causes. In addition, I was convinced myself that I would have enough punishment because it was used as a devotee of my sister. ......There is no deep meaning to call him on his brother, and he is really respected as his brother.

However, if you dislike it, it is because it is bad for the情ion and food education of the brother of law. In addition,ザsabスs, who are neglected by real politics, are not able to help the opinions of Vidal.

Finally, the opinion that he should rush his neck only in his mouth was noted, “Even if you don’t want to get the interest of the Duchess of FAZON, it will be licked from other Duchess if you don’t see the pose of hand, and may be被d later.”

In addition, if you can not get the interest even if you show only a pose, you may think that it will be a dis、al to your own family and the consident, but it is a work of the family that has been dispatched to Elizabeth to make sure you do not think so.

It is important to gain績s and profits that are not attacked by governmental enemies, and to get them, and to get them.

“But you don’t have to worry about it? I think that others care about it.”

"Zona, it's important to say even real things."

And, as the dwarf girl Zona says, the other Duchess faces are more careful than the Duchess of Saulon...

If not, Amelia is one of the wife of Vidal Imperial Emperor Vandalu Zakart, because Elizabeth is his daughter of law.

In the castle there is a messenger king, the brother of her righteousness, Baknawa ... The 龍 of the body length about 100 meters comes to play every time.

"I think that the Duchess whose connection with Vang is not limited to this one, such as Pruchkov, Zekutoa, etc. will be curious. Also, don’t worry about the rebellion of the Ledel family? It’s okay to pull out the power of the shoulder more.”

"Zona, I know it, but it's not. I want to rely on Vanderou.

“I understand the feelings of Elizabeth, but I don’t have to try it. Change the border by moving the mountains. I can't ignore it."

"Yes, but..."

Elizabeth is also true. If you don’t want to rely on Vandalu as much as you want, then you can’t be able to do things that the family and some of the Duchess don’t care about Vandalu.

In fact, there is no one who holds glory in his own power in the society of the Royal Marvel. There is no one who does not use the power of the house, the power of the relatives, the power of the forces behind the shield, and such. In addition, those who are not aware of what power is supporting after seeing people cannot survive in the world of political and social relations.

Erizabeth himself had previously worked as a back shield of the Leem Sands. ...... Actually it was the most familiar enemy of the back shield.

However, it is impossible to use Vanderou.

(i.e. a kind of sweetness)

Vidal, who keeps smiling, analyzed the secretion of her sister.

If you think that you should not depend on Vanderou and Vidal Magic Empire from your heart, there are many mountains to do. It is necessary to keep a moderate distance in the control while maintaining a good relationship, even if the mother is married to the Vidal Magic Empire.

However, I can only think that Elizabeth is not serious because he stayed in the territory because he did not know what to say, the first emperor of the Magic Empire ...

“I don’t want to rely on it” even though I’m still in a state that I can rely on at any time and actually some of them. It is sweet.

(Although the likelihood is silent because there is no gain in the pointing out such thing)

This person will be aware of it thinly, and it will be a concern only if the healer and the handle are not in the mouth. Zona urged to be aware, but not clearly stated.

Vidal thought that even if he pointed out that he was not trusted and unreliable, he would not remain in the ears of Elizabeth.

(If you only have a name, my relationship seems to be deeper...)

Of course, Vidal never thinks about how to replace Elizabeth. The horrible 。, the belly of Bakunawa, is waived. No, if you are killed, you are Vandalu.

He asked Vandalu about Baknawa before. “Well, people don’t eat it?”

Vandalu answered it so much. "Of course." “Bakunawa is different from me, but I don’t know anyone.”

The emperor has 、ed people.

Actually, there is a thing that sucked the blood of the bandit until you die, but even if you hear it, the spirit of Vidal will not rest.

"Oh, Good Time"

And while Vidal was silent, the story was progressing.

"Elizabeth is popular with民s"

“I don’t have an imminent problem with the Duchess of Saulon.”

And there was no imminent problem that the 民 consulates whose sweetness of Elizabeth had no complaints about her.

The border between the enemy country was separated by the built arc mountain range of Vandalu, and the Duchess of Saulon did not go to the battlefield with the country that governs the 。 continent anymore.

In addition, in the process of vandalous building the mountain range, it is said that underground water and climate are not inconvenient for people, and it is also a little worried that it falls into a disaster or water shortage.

And since a few years ago, it began to trade with the Vidal Magic Empire through the former SCULA Autonomous Region, and it is brighter than economical.

In such a situation, the popularity of the民sabスs ... Normally, if the Duchess suddenly substitute the girl, and the girl is the daughter of the emperor of the neighboring country, social anxiety will increase drastically, and political inconven。 will become more serious than not knowing where to stay.

However, the spirit of the consulates who saw the mountain range moved was gone. A mountain range of thousands meters above sea level. If the weather is good, it can be seen from the end of the Duchess of Saulon.

The mother of the emperor of the neighboring country is the birth of the goddess of life and love. In other words, the New Duke is the descendant of the law of the goddess. This is also a great pleasure for the民ants of the Duchess of Saulon, who have many Vida believers.

And the brother of the duke's righteousness, the 体 of the body length 100 meters. In addition, he sealed the legendary Majestic army that appeared in the Duchess of Saulon the other day, and prevented the damage to the territory. It was like a battle of myths.

And Elizabeth also played. He is involved in artifacts, wearing a sびing costume of the war 女en of the traditional song played by the Ginyu奏, and fighting his own way.

In the past, the support of the people would not be shaken for decades if it was not a majestic, but the vidal, and the zona and the Euzev were the impression.

Thank you. ......It’s not just popular, but it’s just interesting.”

However, Elizabeth didn’t realize his popularity too much.

Let’s talk back. With regard to the Duchess of FAZON, you can send and leave the people and soldiers recommended by Ludel brother. That's it!

"Yes, do you have problems?"

I don’t want to say, “I’m the Duchess of Fazon. I would like to say to them because the Duchess of Lext or the Duchess of Pruchkov would want."

“It’s not my work, but I feel like it.”

At that time, the Duchess of Fゾン was treated not only to the Duchess of Saulon but also to the Duchess of Jahan.

"The sea is attractive, and the people and the Alda believers were so good that the compatibility with the Duchess of Jahan was good. However, there is a distance too much.

As Hadroth says, the Duchess of Jahan has a snowy mountain in the northern part of the Kingdom of Orbaum. In contrast, the Duchess of Fゾン is located in the south of the Kingdom of Orbaum.

"In the future, the compatibility of the people should be worse. The Kanako Temple worked very well, and the other day was saved to Dalcia, Zadilis, and殿dia.

As the abdo、 of Hadros, Rudalio, the devout Arda believer, many conservative and harassing changes, theライブants of the Baron of Jahan, said, Canako’s live tour... In the work of Hadroth, the current Duke, he was eager to the Vida faith.

It is a fight against the magical remnants and the gods of the Vida and the Darussias who released Alda.

"The Wick of Light" of the Devil's Remaining Party, Bibiyazekkyoku, and Vida's beast "The Wick of the Devil's Beast" Vafovald and "The Beast of the Sea Elephant" Tous Ord.

The beast king boasts a huge body of 100 meters long to the wicked God of the opposite shape. The three people of Dalcia, who headed to them, were the景 of myths.

It is not possible to witness all the撃s of the Duchess of Jahan. However, there is a case where the priests of the Alda Temple and the believers of the city are lost.

I heard the scream of God according to them who expressed consciousness.

And when we connect Gods received by the priests of the Great Gods other than the Vidas, Alda reveals the seal of the evil gods and the gods of the Vidas, and embeds the missing pieces of the souls of the Gduranis and sends them to each other. Even though it was politically rivaled by the Duchess of Fazon and the Amid it , there are many Arda believers.

Alda, who had been devoted to me, was confined. And he saved him as a friend of Vandalu, who is in connection with Alda and the enemy, and Alda, who is the new king.

In this way, in the priests of the Temple of Alda, the heart of the people who are said to be devious, but not delusion.

The priests who are unable to withstand 感lts announced the truth as far as they know to the followers, and folded their knees to the Great Gods other than Alda, especially Vida, and apology on behalf of Alda’s。.

On the other hand, Dalcia, who is the “incarnation of the Vida”, conceived the will of the goddess and allowed the priests.

The heart of the cons。ations of the Baron of Jahan was definitively tilted to Vida. Hadros decided to renovate the Alda temple to the Vidá temple by requesting the production of stained glass and the order of the saint song, which motifs the scene and the battle of Darcias.

The big turn of the faith of the Duchess of Jahan will not cover anymore.

“I don’t have to build my temple.”

Vandaloo, who was silently sitting on the shoulder of Hadroth, dropped his shoulder.

"Yes, you're also great. I can't ignore it as a duches."

“Now, it is enough to put my statue at the end of the Vida Temple.”

"I'm so, so I'm not able to evaluate my績 and leave the name in the future. My friend, can you protect my friend’s honor?

"...Please make it smaller than the Temple of Vida and other Great Gods."

Hadroth is called Vandalou and Ludario, which was in front of the rocky mountains, which stands on the north end of the Bahngaia continent. ......There are other escort knights, soldiers, other aristocrats, temples, and ルドld officials.

As he said, Vandalou came to see his skills to build a large tunnel that passes through the sea to the rocky mountains of the Duchess of Jahan.

"The hole in the mountain that has been separating the sea from a long time ...!"

"It was not possible to destroy the mountains as well as construction because it became a dangerous magical precinct even though it is not a mountain of the boundary mountains ..."

The quintessentials of the Baron of Jahan, who walked through the rocky mountain, which opened the tunnel, open the mouth in a様子 manner.

Until now, in order to vacate the tunnel, the monsters in the ground become obstacles, and to try to break the mountain itself and go to the sea, the magical monsters ran out and descended to plain, so it was impossible to try the country of Jahan whose predecessor was.

The tunnel is open for an hour. However, this is not the end.

"Height is 10 meters. I went back and went back. The remaining soil is compressed and pillars and floors.

After that, the resting place for people traveling with air conditioning equipment, the evacuation aisle, the shelter, and the part of me are embedded by a certain distance, and finally check the intensity of the tunnel.

Vandalou knows that it is not possible to call a safe tunnel just by emptying the holes that the horse carriage passes. In the unlikely event that an accident occurs, people in the tunnel must be able to safely evacuate and escape.

......The embed of a part of Vanderou at a certain distance is to prevent the magic from getting closer to the tunnel.

“I’ll take a long time, but do I need it?”

」

“Well, it’s good.” Let's leave my friend's heart

And the more the process increases, the more time Vandalou stays, the more the hadroths are just rising.

After completing the tunnel, it will help you build the port depending on the connected sea environment. If you can build it with the latest technology of the Duchess of Jahan, but if it is difficult, it will be the origin of Vanderou.

“But this is why the value of the Duchess of Fazon has been uncovered.”

It is because it is lost the superiority of the Duke, which is the only port of trade in the Kingdom of Orbaum. Well, in the north and south of the continent, there is a difference between the fishing spot, the marine products that you can take, and the trade destination where you can go to the route.

The port of the Duchess of Fazon is the same fishing and trade.

On the other hand, in the Duchess of Jahan, fishery and  ages in the sea should not start from scratch. And the closest thing as a trade partner is the Duke Fゾン.

So, it is not that the dominance of the Duchess of Fazon is completely gone. However, I don’t want to know that the bureau of Jahhan, who got the sea, wants to get out of the throat.

At that time, the wolf-type veterinary species of Gerald Birgit, which cures the Duke of Birgit, the west side of the Birgit, the Fazon Duke, was judged to the mountain of documents to dispatch soldiers to control the Duke of Fazon.

"Noodles ... I'm sorry, but if I leave it next to it, I'll be more troublesome. Do you have only delicious interest?

"Odate" It is harder for Bombarde, who has been assigned to the所oodles, so please press it silently.

I know my feelings are serious."

For the Duchess of Birgit, the beast of Vida’s new family, the Duchess of Fasson, whose faith is prosperous, was the relationship of縁ten.

Poli  struggles have always been against enemies. Instead of the factions and Principle claims, Billyt always chose to be the enemy of the Duchess of FAZON and the Duchess of FAZON to always be the enemy of the Duchess of Billyt.

However, it is only the stage of politics because it is one of the Dukes that make up the same Kingdom, and it is not possible to do war (intravenous).

It is not a time when the enemy is not met, but it is not a good relationship just because it is not an enemy.

That’s why it’s good for them that the Fazon Duke lost its position. However, since the cure changes, the principle claims of the cure do not change suddenly.

I don’t think the Gerald wants to increase the conscientious people against myself, so I don’t think I should get the Fazon Duke.

......If the contrary of the Duchess of Fazon is your own, I think a little. However, even if you are a child, you don’t have to change.

However, because the boundary line is also touched by the neighbor, it becomes troublesome if the security is worse.

Imagine the occurrence of dinosaurs, the influx of criminals, and the damage of bandits on the streets caused by deterioration of security.

For this reason, Gerald has not been able to throw it round into other duches, and eventually it has become a substitute for Bombarde, which is near the side.

“We are small but there are ports, and Vandalou is a promise to dig a tunnel to the boundary mountain range, and it is not necessary for profit. It’s a na  thing just because the distance is close.

The ancestors struggle against war and dig tunnels to Iwayama and connect to the sea, but the port is small. It is impossible to trade, but it is possible to fish in the sea.

In addition, if the tunnel with the Vidal Magic Empire opens, it will be easier to cross with the Magic Empire, and there will be more places where you can move purely on land.

Therefore, it was the idea of Gerald that if you get interest without any difficulty or risk, otherwise nothing would be.

"I want to be able to trust Pilluccikov, Lext and Zectore." Saulon, Hartner, and the new friend Jahan will not move. Alcrem is good to move.

The Duchess of Pilchkov, the Duchess of Lext, and the Duchess of Zectore are “normal neighbors” that are not special to the Duchess of Billgit.

A certain temple does not have a large force, but the religious Neutral Region, the Duchess of Pirčkov, and the Duchess of the Nistoism, have arbitrated the kneading with the Duchess of Fazon in the past, but there is no strong relationship that is considered to be “reliable”.

In addition, there is an exchange that the same Vida faith has been in the past with the strong Duke of Saulon, but if you think about the situation of Elizabeth who just became the Duke, you can not expect it. The Duchess of Hartner, located in the north of the Duchess of Burgit, whose relationship has been worse since two hundred years ago.

The Count of Jahan, who is trying to deepen new exchanges, is likely to dig the tunnel to the North Sea to Vanderou, so I can't expect it.

And it remains uneasy to leave Dison, Zekutoa, and Cobit, whose name did not appear. The Duchess of Dison is connected to the east coast of the Baangaia continent, but it is surrounded by the magical sea to go out to the far sea, so it is impossible to cross even if you can catch it, so you may want the Duchess of Fazon, but you don’t know if you can get it. Zekutoa is very good. It is a relationship like a acquaintance who can only meet once a year.

And the Duke of Cauvit, who has produced the present King, is suspicious whether you can afford to reach new interest.

I would like to expect the economically moisturized Arkurem's Duchess to move... If you win too much, you may be vague and static.

“Is there any need to do my best for Bombarde?”

In other words, garalt also made a piece of paper.

At that time, Lucas Hartner was busy in the Duchess of Hartner, which crossed Iwayama between the Duchess of Burgit.

“In this year’s social season, you must have a party that invites each of the Duchess in the Royal House, where you will be able to officially return the legacy of the former Tarosム.”

If you’re wondering about two hundred years ago, Duke Hartner had to destroy the ancestors of the Milg shield and destroyed the Levia princess, and they must return the treasures of Talosムme to the Vidal Magic Empire, who has brought them out to the invaders.

The treasure of Tarosム was still in the treasure trove of the Hartner. However, the ancestors are scattered because they donated valuable treasures to the kings of the time, giving them a 賂bery to the central nobles, and looking back to the Duchess of Hartner to the elections of the elections to each Duchess.

It is not possible to say that it is necessary to pass through the muscles, and it is done internally by sending the secret. Anyway, you have to return the gift from here, so you have to make a apology, so you need to prepare a budget.

It is not possible to return because the opponent knows the situation. If you want to buy a scenic spot in the Vidal Magic Empire, you might be able to return it free of charge.

There is no reason for the world. Even if the main purpose is to sell scenic to the Vidal Magic Empire, you shouldn’t think about making a trek to the Duchess of Hartner.

The official apology to the Vidal Magic Empire is determined at the Vida Temple of Tarosム. ...... Lucas was thinking that it was not a party that invited the magical empire or the kingdom of the Orbaum election.

Actually, because it is not common to see the so-called apology in this "Ramda" world, it seems that Vandaloo talked with the Princess of Levia, but ... It is not that he is trying to defame the Duke of Hartner, so if the ancestors did to her, it will not be good to say that it was warm.

In the near future, the former lord of Katie, who was Kay McKenzie of Uls, is going to be her guardian, but only this job must be done.

I don't want my daughter to do this. I want to end my debt on my own.

Of course, there is no time to reach the interest of the Duchess of Fazon at this time.

“Now, if you stretch your hand just by showing it, will it be a card called “Take the hand out of the interest of the Duchess of Fazon”? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Looking watermarked finish?

On the other hand, the Duchess whose strong connection with the Vidal Magic Empire of Zectore to Pilchkov, Lext, and Dison had no deter。 to what to do with the Duchess of Fazon.

They also want interest. I wanted, but there was no confidence to maintain a good relationship with the Vidal Magic Empire, while maintaining a good relationship with the Duchess of Fasson, with many Alda believers.

If you say more precisely, it was feared that it would be suspicious to Vandalu to obtain the interest of the Duchess of Fazon, who has a dist  against the Vidal Magic Empire, and not intending to compete in the future.

Of course, Vandalou does not look like a threat even if the Duchess of Prucikov absorbed the Duchess of Fasson and became an anti-Vidal empire force.

Finally, if you stay in a political or economic problem, you don’t care if you are an enemy. If you are not allowed to reverse, you will be conquered the Kingdom of Orbaum. And because it is possible to build the country of absolute obedience if all the carcasses are undeaded.

However, there is no way to fear Vanderou more than necessary. It is because there is a possibility that it is easy to attack and destroy the people who have suddenly appeared so far. We have a strong experience.

There are embassies of each of the Duchess in the Vidal Magic Empire, but it is only a state that the day will be amazed every day after the ambassador has been dispatched.

In the future, I will learn the moderate distance and relationship with the Vidal Magic Empire.

I was wondering if I should extend my hand to the Duchess of Fazon because it was not yet possible.

“Because I’m not ready, let’s go to the provisional control of the Duchess of Fゾン”

After all, the Duchess of Alcreme gave his hand.

“I don’t think it’s necessary to do it.”

When Isaac Moxie elded his neck, he answered his breath.

“I’m not sure to leave the Duchess of Fazon with the帝国 of the Anti-Vida and the Anti-Vidal Empire after the death of the Fazon House.”

The power of the Duchess of Fazon is disappointing. However, there is no damage to non-combaters due to the lack of city war in the previous war. After decades, children who were non-combators grew up and become new soldiers. After two decades, new knights and generals grew up.

In the past three decades, the defeat and weakness tasted in the war are forgotten and hatred. After that, the war will happen again.

"Truly, at that time, I'm re。ed and may not be in this world. I have no responsibility for the con。s of the former Fazon Duke of the next generation. However, if you can afford to another Duke, it would be the responsibility of the Duke of the Kingdom of Orbaum to make annoyance to the Allies.

The duty of noble people. Arkurem said that he had to fulfill it.

"And if you leave it, you will not be able to go back from the offshore of Fゾン's Ordinance until no time."

“Truly, it’s a problem for a long time.”

The mascot of the city of Moxie, Tama and Gyoke have yet seen the navy remnants off the shores of the Duchess of Fゾン, and the Duchess of Alcム waited for their return.

In addition to the Duke of Alcrem, the Duke of Caubit of the present King also announced that he cooperated with the provisional control of the Duke of Ex-Fasson, and the Duke of both hands to switch the民 from the anti-Vida.

The politics of the Orbaum Kingdom at this time may not be as dirty as Vandaloo could be seen even if it was a complex bizarre.

I would like to post this month later.