Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Quiet story 59 A place that is connected to a distant and close

Protect Expo and Pluto In the words that were not touched by the bander, Seimi reflected the voice. It is a natural reaction as a mother.

However, the rain palace stopped. And ask the bander gently.

“Is it so bad?”

"Eh, if you use the appropriate terminal of this facility, you can understand a little. Is there anything?"

"If that's the case, use the terminal that the guardians had. They should not interfere with their communication. ......

Iwao removes and operates a mobile device from the dead body of the guardians. Access the Internet and reflect the news on the screen with a mir ly destroyed battle.

“What’s it?”

This is the ground part of this underground facility. However, when Iwao entered, it has changed.

There is a huge white   in the center where the smoke rises. There were countless eyeballs and mouths on the surface of the 。.

In the news, the president Sergey Dalat, who isを起こd to be the new president, has introduced it to the public government, saying “This is God!”

In recent years, leaders of the 8th 団体ding believer group, who have been involved in protesting to [導き Bars], have announced a statement. "President Sergey Dalant's speech is correct. God of the death that our goddess, Pruto. I。d that it is "undead".

However, it is not often reported as "Joney Yamaoka" of the aliens flying from the universe," a monster that occurred by the magecraft experiment of the Nordic Federation or a new weapon developed by the Republic of China. Sergey, who has just made a coupe in the Democratic State, and the conviction of the 信t-handled ‘the eighth lead’ believers, seems to be completely unreliable.

However, the government has announced the official opinions only in the United States, and the misinformation is spreading together with the truth because there is no 纏 in the media of the reporter.

I think there is a research institution and journalist whose strength and truth is not exist in this world, so it is impossible to spread only the wrong information.

In addition, there are various symptoms that can be lost only by watching the video of the soul of Vandaloo, listening to the hallucinations and hallucinations, suddenly waking out. That’s why confusions were spreading smoothly.

It’s not a big panic, but there’s only the soul of Vandalu, and there’s no other threat in the Nordic and Chinese Republic.

In addition, there is a point that the function of the state and the organization is not par  due to another factor from Vanderou, and it is not conf .

......If you know that the president, the politician, the boss of the organization, and the president of the major mass media were found in the underground facility under the soul of Vanderou, you will be able to rejoice.

"How do I do this? It is reported that the Republic of China and the Nordic Union are going to be a military action?"

“Who will we fight this?”

"We wait, Iwao, Deric. He’s Vandaloo. I had a dream.

“What’s it?”

It's magic. In order to suppress the shock waves of the six-way death, please be aware of the fact that the facility is戦うping. When the hole is opened, the shock wave of death remains from it will leak.

In the words of the bander, Iwao and Derrick were nodded.

“I’m a bander.” I don't have a sharper than I saw, but I like it.

"Bander, but if you're lucky, you'll have a lot of mouth and toothpaste."

And children are calm.

It seems that there is a difference between those who are already involved in Vandaloo and those who are not.

“I don’t know how to pick up this. If the presidents of missing are alive ..."

"Unfortunately, everyone is dead."

“If you’re Ogisan, you’re around?”

“...Is it?” Don’t let the spirited grandfather stand on the testimony.”

In the rainy season, I 笑いed my head with my inner heart. The situation exceeded the limits that can be picked up by the power of [Bevers] left him.

[Bevers] is an international organization that is known worldwide and has a strong desire as a、. We are working on behalf of each country.

No rights.

Of course, because it is an international organization, he has a stronghold on politicians and military officials in each country.

It is difficult to pick up situations because it is a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity to be a necessity.

“I’m sure that I have a reliable message.”

“Isn’t it impossible to do this? That’s why the top of the country, which was the main, was dead. I don't trust you.

“The President Sergey Dalant will be empowered.” It’s a cool deter, so I’m sure you’ll be a bit more powerful.”

When the bander gave the name of Sergey, he was surprised not only the rainy palace but also the Joseph and the Seven Forest. Of course, no one knows that Sergey is a hiding 'the eighth guide' believer, and even if you know, you should not know if you can trust in this situation, unless you have previously met.

And in Sergey, who was a dwelling bander and a military man of the United States, there must be a 。.

But at this time, Banda told Sergey as a friend from the past.

“Oh, I’ve met a dream like us?”

“Oh, it’s like that...”

Banda turbided the word to the truth question. I did not know. Some of you have become the god of origin.

As part of herself became the “God of Origin”, Bander was able to know what the President Sergey Dalant is doing now and what he has seen.

I don't know the other thing, but the bander ......Vandalu said, he will be the power of [Bevers].

Let’s borrow the power of the new president. In addition, if you look at this facility, you will be able to see the record of what the six roads have been doing and the data of the研究 research.

I didn’t think about the loss of evidence, but I didn’t have any time.”

"Accurately, it seems that the Nordic Federation and the Republic of China thought to be self-exploited by the facility, but it seems to have failed.

Now I'm going to dispatch my army here and try to attack.

“Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

“Oh, don’t mind it.” I'll keep it right outside. Let’s get back to the story more than that.

Seimi, who was told to be concerned about the military attack by the two major countries, instantly turned his eyes. However, the soul of Vandaloo, which was not really concerned, had increased presence.

However, when I was only a soul, I remembered mental fatigue just by moving in "Origin".

However, now, some of you are part of the Oridin God. That’s why Vandalu is the existence of a different world and is also the presence of this world. Therefore, I was able to realize more strongly than before.

The body and soul are not aligned, but you will be able to shake your power as much as the bender.

“Will you protect the victims who have been abducted by the Bocole? Where are you going to protect it?

“What is the story of waiting and leaving the Expo? The incident has already been resolved and the incident has been picked up.”

“We don’t know if we can work with Seimi and the President until we can pick up the situation. One month or two months It is difficult to protect the Expo and the Pluto by us.

He was surprised that the rain palace showed a positive attitude to leave the child to the bander, and he was 静ed by her voice.

"The power of the country is large, but it is not enough to overwhelm the country other than the country. I don’t know how the Scandinavian and the Republic of China can relax, and I don’t know how other countries will come. The top of most developed countries is six-way and glu, and they are already dead."

Even if the truth is given to the nationals of each country, there will be a long confusion without being disturbed. The second World War may be erected in "Origin" because of this.

"In the first place, we will be a dangerous position. If you’re an ordinary military or politician, you’ll be  ed and you’ll be in a prison and you’ll end up taking responsibility.

And this time I defeated the black curtain and solved the situation [バー Bars], but the black curtain is [幕 Bars]. Of course, the家s and responsibilities of the politicians who gave the sixth way are not lightened.

However, there is a possibility that a country that excessively attacks [Burs] for self-healing and justification. In that case, if you are an ordinary international organization, you should be responsible for the rain palace. Just 。, it is not possible to leave the rain palace, which is the owner of the power to be wary of the large country. In addition, there is no way to enclose the magic in "Origin" even if there is a way to enclose it.

“It’s... it’s going to be known to the world sooner or later that Plu has the magic of the dead attribute. If that happens, it will come out of the world. Anyone who is trying to get the power of the dead attribute or who is not involved with the danger of the dead attribute is trying toそう them."

I don’t know the rain palace, but it is already in the central part of the country. Sergey is going to make a facility to protect the dwell, but it is impossible to live normally.

So, if you can prepare a bander where you can live safely, you should consider it.

“But because...”

Even though we understand that we want to say, Seimi seems to be difficult to convince emotionally.

「Mama...」

I felt that the attitude of the beauty was sensitized, but I was worried about it, and I drifted the atmosphere like I was lost.

“My mom seems to be misunderstandings, but I don’t get Expo and Me. Just protect it. I will be able to meet with you.

The bender gave the mouth to the two.

“Really?”

。 It’s not good for me and the Expo. ......It’s impossible to fold bone every month.

If you feel calm, you will be able to live safely.

Seimi, who seems to be trying to bring the bander to somewhere far, is guaranteed once a month, and he pulled off his shoulders.

“Is it true? Is it a place where you can meet once a month?

“There is no place for this reason.” Just let me do my best to meet you.

However, it is better to show this more. I will go

When the bander says that, the sound that the glass contains a snake was heard around, and the sky was broken.

In reality, Bandalu faced with his new self.

"I want to admit, but I am."

"I'm my first time." However, I think that self-negative is something? It will be an obstacle to keep the spirit healthy and always."

The spect、 was only visible in the face of the wicked existence. The presence in front of the bander is a 形態-like form with a countless eyes and mouth on the surface, and a beautiful girl with an ephemeral atmosphere next to it is attached.

It was the soul of Vanderou that embodies the origin of the sixth road except the size.

“I know my feelings if I am mine?”

"Of course, I am. I don’t like to be God. However, I will not be able to do it because I did it.

"... That's right."

“I know that this is the result of my own actions.” I want to convince

。 I can't convince myself.

Vanderou may occur in part of the God of Origin, but is basically the result of Vanderou's own judgment and action.

The “God of Origin” is a group, and it is the existence that the people of this world will increase and decrease the格 to the extent that the target of faith and fear is increased and decreased.

In such a world, I forgot the existence of satellites and embody the soul into a huge 。. It is not easy to join the gods alone.

However, it was because President Sergey Daranto announced that it was the same as “Undead” that “The 8th Guide” was sublime.

If he was silenced, he would have just joined the “God of Origins” again.

"I mean, all six roads are bad"

In the first place, it is bad because there is a wide range of non-dis   . So the President Sergey Dalanth thought Banda not bad.

That’s right. If a person changes to “Ramda”, it should be destroyed.

Contact Us Yes, I don’t have to run it.

Vanderlus.

"I'm glad that Vandalu joined me. And there should be things that can be done because of God.

It was said to Pruto, a part of the god of origin, and Vandaloo was nodded.

The majority of the humanity of “Origin” is vandaloo, and Vanderou can shake the majority of the power of “Origin’s mystery” because it is feared. It succeeded in defeating the sixth-way holy by splitting more protection than the dinosaur to Kannon.

And I asked Sergey to rent my strengths to [Burs], and I became able to connect "Origin" and "Ramda" to much easier than I expected.

There are many people who have lost because of God.

。 I don’t have to increase my work. It is my work that is also part of the god of "Origin".

It is not possible to continue this condition for a long time. The snooping is a temporary trend. I might be forgotten by people after 100 years.

The mystery of the god of origin increases and reduces the number and influence of people. Now, Vanderou has a great influence among the gods of "Origin", but he predicted that he will lose his power and disappear in time.

"...I don't think it would disappear in 100 years or two hundred years. In particular, the fear that Nordic and Chinese people remember should be difficult to wipe.

Pluto seems to have another opinion.

“Oh, let’s think about it in a few decades after a hundred years. At that time, I will explain how the situation is being picked up and how it is going to be muduma.

“I want to pray for the future if possible.”

At the next moment when the sound of the glass was broken, the rain palaces were not surprised by the音 spreading in front of you.

“Where is this a town?”

Derrick stepped into a space that had a concrete wall. In his eyes, colorful flower beds and blue trees are planted, and there are many parks with play equipment. Then, I saw two-storey houses along the park and five-storey apartments and buildings from the third floor.

"...Is there a central park in Japan?

See maps that JOSEF was surprised and built in the park. There were multiple languages, but the most part was Japanese.

“No, it’s not Japan.”

However, I saw the surroundings.

“There are no birds and音s, and there is no sound to make people and cars... there is no signal in the city that can be seen from here.”

"Where is it true?"

It is a evacuation center made for everyone. The place is a world that is not “original” ... It is a world of my body that the reincarnation should be born again next.

What do you think?

A rain palace who doesn't know that they are going to change to another world after death, but the bender did not answer.

“It’s like this.”

It was Vandalu.

It was a rainy palace that suddenly appeared to a boy who did not remember, but it was a descent that jumped from the bander next to it.

“Banda!”

“This is my first time to meet, Me-kun”

Vanderlus embraces the spirit that ran by. Rain Palace and Deric were not believed that Bander and Vandalou were the same existence, and they looked alternately.

“I’m surprised by everyone because there is no bander, ロroñolo? Yes, it’s out.”

However, it seems to be convinced that the sludge rushed to the mouth of Vandalu and grabbed the tongue and pulled it out.

“Mr. Me, I’m not imp。ed to grab and stretch the tongue of people. It is dangerous because my mouth is 牙ed. I want to extend the touch angle, so be patient.

"Do you have a bander?"

“Yes, I’m here.” Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

"No, I'm glad I'm a ロroñolo."

The 身facts are removed, but the tongue and the tactile angle are not stretched, the vanderlus that looks like a normal boy will be seen.

“Oh, it’s true.” Like the same fish. I noticed it now, but the voice is the same. ......Oh, I'm just a year like me.

"... I'm going to be the twelve of this year."

“Oh? That’s right? But it’s just a little different!?”

“Haku, that’s what you’re taller than the same generation of boys, and I’m the opposite.”

Vandalou, who is slightly taller than the Expo, answered the shoulder as a drop.

"I can make a temporary increase." Even now, if you put the touch angle, it should be quite high.

“Yes, you can increase the number of eyes? You can stop.”

Beside the exchange between children (?), the bander will be able to see the Ramda and the next generation.

“I was teaching, but I didn’t think about the shelter.”

Joséf, who knew the situation, was surprised by the excitement. However, I was convinced at the same time.

The difference between Vanderlus and his own, while being the same transsexual. and his words to protect the spirit.

However, it is possible that you will be able to follow the spirit of the world that is different in the country.

The physical law is a different world, so the environment of the inside of the body was adjusted. However, this is my body [the world in the body], so there is a possibility that if there is something on the body, there will be an effect.

What is your body? It’s hard to think about it, but if you want to revitalize it again, can you say that it’s one thing?

“How much is the impact on the body? Is the world in the body shaken if you run, fly, or jump?”

No. The body seems to fly, but there was no influence on the body [the world in the body]. However, it seems that if you cut a single sword, burn the whole body, or crush it, you will probably have an effect.

In the bander who answered the question, the rain palaces seemed to have a turbulent face.

"...It may be safer to have been in your [in the body world] than to put it in the outside world in your hands."

。 There is a possibility that a meteorite will fall even in a country with good security."

The physical abilities are almost the same as the bander, and Vanderou has a more overwhelming magic than the bander.

It was a good idea that there was a danger of [the world in the body], but the rainy palaces were able to do the bander.

“Is there any such thing in Rumda?”

。 I'm not invincible. I don’t know whether the six-way rebirth

“...It’s a horrible world.” But is it safer than the world of ours now?

“Yes.” But I said that the physical law is different, but it’s okay? If you’re going to have two bodies?

"I think it is also a counter』."

When the bander says, the王epy shape of the witch kings came together with the capsules used to culture the arc abalone, and the培養装置s and sludges that are similar to the capsules and culture equipment that are often similar.

And continue to point to the fl。 and golden mass that drifts in the capsule.

If you use the material, you can change the body to the body that can be adapted to Rumda.

Oh, of course, there is no skin head like a six-way, and it should not be remarkably changed except for the head. Even if it changes, the color of the hair and eyes changes.

The concrete mechanism is that the person entering the capsule temporarily leaves the body and returns after the body has changed due to the original form of birth, mercy, and life.

It is similar to the device that Rokudo made to revitalize to "Arc Avalon". However, it is a suspicious re生ation in the primitive mechanism and much mild body modification by hand work of Vandaloo.

(However, the image is bad because of the sixth road? It is not good to explain to the opponent who is unable to lead. ) It will be the opposite effect if you put V-cream or Blood Potion as a 賂be. What we do?

So, when the bander and the witch are troubled, the truth that I listened to the heat came into the capsule.

っ

“Oh, it’s okay?”

When Seimi and Iwao were surprised to stop, the capsule is closed, and the general disguise that wrapped the body of the truth is removed, and the culture liquid is filled inside, and the figure of the truth is wrapped in a金re gold mass and fl。.

Is it okay?

“I don’t show it if it’s okay.” I repeated experiments over time.

One of the worlds in the body, when I tried to make the world of the environment that is very similar to "Origin". Because there is a bander, I forgot Vanderou himself, but the environment of the "Origin" world was not affected by the body for him who is the world's organism.

Vandalou began experiments and research to adapt to the environment of origin using his own body. If you succeed yourself, it is a raw plant. When the plant succeeds, the humans of "Ramda" who faced the braga. And, as a result of verification, it was prepared because it was judged to be practical.

“What do you feel like Mari?”

Feel like having a full body massage. I'd like to have my body

When Yukijoro, who is different from the wolf’s distortion, he returned his true 理gue. It seems that the rainy palaces were safe.

"...。" Thank you for your understanding. After that, victims and experiments. We may be the two dances of "the eighth guidance"

“How do you ask us?”

“We don’t care about our experiences.”

"...As I say, I ask you."

Yukijoro and Bokol say that even if the rain Palace lowered his head, he relied on the bander.

“T、 people who are silent may go well even if they know in their inner hearts.”

“I’m okay, because I originally decided to protect you whatever you say”

However, the truth and the wonder of the bander are laughing.

“...Is the sixth way reborn to Ramda?”

And I realized that it was wasted even if I talked more than this, so I shake the other topic.

Home The six-way with the power of the dead attribute is not a welcome to Rodocorte, so it is not clear what happens. I don’t know what to do.

Oh, the cedar, theウ, and theギ are coming to this world. Even if you have a message, you can't accept it.

“...Is it possible to reborn asylum?” However, there was something else. I asked him that he was a friend?

The name and appearance of the boy who was interested in Seimi as a rain palace were similar, and there was a thing that listened to the fellow reincarnation. At that time, the three waves shallow yo。 of [Meiji-Mascher] were testified in detail about the most Hiroto Amami.

On the contrary, I almost remembered Hiroto Amami except Mihasa.

...... It is a great reputation damage. Protest as a fault

However, the testimony of shallow yellow was not correct.

"If so, I said that the hard ya is not so credible because of the shallow yellow. Is it reborn?

"Kirumiya...It seems that it is like an an angel, the use of Rodo Corte only if Mr. Maruto. Mr. da and Mr. Shimada follow the resident.

[Noah] Mr. Mao Smith and Mr. Gotoda of [Super sense] should be reborn, but I never met.

After that, [Cronos] and [Odin], [Cirfeed], [Marionette], [Gungnir], [Des size] disappeared.

“...I have a lot of things in the future. If you die together at that time, stop the shallow yellow.  

“I felt that I could rely on it, but that’s the first thing.”

“When I was mentally 、ed, I asked me a lot...”

“I’m 。al.” The relationship of the past generation has been drastically changed. Well, there is no word of defense for villagers."

Iwao, Joseph, and Shichimori push their head. Then, the face of the face is revealed.

"If so, [Venus] ... I did not have the name of Tsuchiya, Doug, and early 女en. Also, Tanaka, Samejima, Mackenzie. Are you not meeting people?

“How did you know about “Gayza”?

Mackenzie does not meet. Mr. Samejima reborn as his son of my mentor,

Yuri Samejima is the nephew of the shogun and the deputy shogun, and the nephew of the shogun, Salah Legston. Jin Tanaka is reborn to the son of the original vampire solkodrio of [mus術 art].

"About the Kanakos ... I joined my colleagues only. You can't talk because others are closed.

Kanako had a chance to speak with the rainy palaces, but he wanted to talk about them. Because, if you are talking about van and marriage or idle, you may be conf  and you may not be able to talk. "I want to make another opportunity because I can see the face of a surprise."

From the eyes that are one of the personalities of Legion, "If you know the current figure and state, you may doubt you by a strange account, so say that you become a companion."

“Is my eyes open, and my friends are backing up the village? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

"I'm okay"

For Derrick, Canako is one of the same tra。s as Murakami, so she seems to have questions about her joining as a fellow, but when the bender answers, he realized that it was too wasteful to ask anything more. I believe in your judgment.

If you were here, you might want to ask questions more. However, Deric has not forgotten that trust is not so much even if they are trusted to some extent from the bender.

Then, let’s tell you that the witch king rings the handbell and the treatment has ended to match the delicacy.

“I’m so excited, how do you look like it changed?”

The figure of the truth that came out from the capsule was again assembled with the disguise, but it was not visible to have changed.

"No, the color of the eye is not changed."

"It's so successful. That’s when you decide what to do. Of course, I go to the world of Vanderlus.

There is no other place in the world of the other, and I will return to the room now."

The truth is, when I made a decision to the rain palace, I gave the answer. There were no people who were disagreeable with them. As she said, “Origin” doesn’t have her place.

On the other hand, if the truth of the six-way武dow is left in "Origin", it cannot be aimed at life from each country to hide information.

Because it is originally dead, it is good for her to move to another world as it is.

Gaエルel and Ullika brought other victims, experimental bodies, and undeads to see whether they came out of the safety zone created by Banda and Expo.

"I'm out!"

Let’s go!

In order to become an experimental body, the children who were supervised by the six roads have not understood much about going to a different world, but they shine their expressions and ran out to their hearts.

There is no house to return even if they are left in "Origin" because they are an orphans, etc. It may be aimed when a person who intends to succeed in the research of the six-way if left behind.

“Gaエルel! I was very active!”

“Is it true?”

“T ’s true! I’ve helped my father, and I’ve made a suspicious person with ice, and I’ve been praised for the bander!”

“It’s true to him, Gaエルel”

Gaエルel’s experimental body is passed to another world. It is necessary to avoid repeating the tragedy of the 8th lead.

And it is the value of the undeads. They are under control of the dwell, so they can not pull from the dwell.

"The story was told by the ghosts." I want to go to “Ramda”. But...the world without Banda, Plu-chan, and Expo seems to be bearable."

Ullika chose to go to another world. Her spirit is in a state where the banders support and keeps them true. If it doesn’t happen, it might be impossible to stop again.

"We will ask you if you have a relationship with us."

"I think we will leave for a while. Don't help mothers and mothers. I don’t rely on bakers.

“If you are forced to cry, you should come to help.”

On the other hand, Joséf, Yodo and Shichimori chose to remain.

“Oh, but I’m sure you’re wearing this 身fact?”

JOSEF's variants have been made much more than a rough variants that cover the entire body, such as a helmet or a manto. The design was a neck for JOSEF, but the function seems to be disappointed.

It's OK. Let’s update the features and designs of your accessories later. Like metal armor

“...I’m still now?”

。 If you are injured because you did not upgrade, I will fall too much of regret, and I will fall over there.

Josév imagined that the soul of the giant Vanderlus descends on the head of his enemies and jumps straight. The mountain and the hill, the enemy and the surrounding towns and villages seem to be undis。minated.

......

"I want to know"

It was the moment when we decided to be born of the ブbe warrior, Jozev, Yangdo and Shichimori. Ullika was feeling bad to Joseph. However, she is going to be more difficult at her later, but she still did not know it.

And the bander aimed at Mr. Azumimiya's wife.

"I'm natural, but remains." I don't know how many years it takes, but I think I'm responsible for keeping up with this incident. But you're..."

"No, I'm also with you."

It was Vandaloo, who thought that Hiroto Azumimiya had a single assignment, but it seems that she chose to stay in "Origin" with her husband.

“If I can’t meet again, I might have done with my child, but I can’t meet it.”

"Yes, once a month, you can't be sure if you can meet. There are various reasons for the course. But let’s pledge to make an effort.”

Thank you. But it is good. Because I have experience in life that I cannot plan. And if you promise to work, it is important that you do more than effort."

"... I say, but I have prioritized the happiness of Me and Hiro. That’s why we’re not going to eliminate you.”

Actually, Mr. Azumimiya's wife is not suitable as a dear parent ... I deny the daughter who was born with the appropriateness of the dead attribute, and show the attitude to attack, I was going to do not meet twice.

The presence of parents for children is large, but Vandalou knows that there is a possibility that the parent is a child's existence. There is a well-being parent that does not exist for children.

However, Mr. Azumimiya's wife was not such a parent for Pluto and Expo. If Vandaloo is not related to Mr. Azumimiya's wife.

Thank you. I don’t have to have a hard time to connect with you again, so it might be easy, but I think it will cause trouble even if you live in your world. Maybe it would be a world that our common sense doesn’t work...”

“Well, it doesn’t deny”

“I don’t have to worry about it anymore. I want to think calmly because I feel that I am not conscious yet.

And don’t let others go out.”

To say so, the bander turned around the neck as if he had trouble. If he was before, he said, “Origin”. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

Now, “Origin” is a believer of Sergey’s “The 8th Guide” who led him to a dream, and Joseph said to remain. And above all, the part of Vanderou is part of the God of Origin.

"Father! Mother! It's okay if you're a child!"

At that time, Haku came to his parents with his heart.

“I’ve been able to see my father’s face on TV or internet for a while before!”

"...I want to be an anti-face teacher."

」

Once you have completed the admission ceremony, go to Bakunawa. Vanderou decided to do so.

“Okaku... I’m sure you’ll hear the things I’ve heard from Ullika Aunts. We ask for your

"Because I always come to meet." Mothers do their best to live together.

“Yes... Yeah!”

"It's okay, you can go to meet with a dream!"

“Oh, I didn’t try to make a dream meeting.”

The two worlds that were connected again, but in fact they were still connected.

"Is it necessary to observe Mr. Azumimiya's wife even though it is not a believer? ......This is for you and the Expo.

Because God of Origin contains Vandalou.

It will be finished. What is the Sixth Road?

We will post on June 3rd.

On June 24th, the comical version of my work by Kenyo Kojima will be updated. If you want to see it, please visit Niconico Shizuku or Comic Walker.

The schedule was changed on May 24th. Thank you for your understanding.