Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Three hundred and twenty episodes Internal and external training

We manage one dungeon for practical training.

The entrance of the dungeon is located on the premises of the preparatory school of the city... Originally, it was outside the town, but it was taken inside the process of the development of Orbaum.

The difficulty level of this strategy is C-class, but in the upper floor, only the magic of rank 2 and 3 appears. That’s why it’s just a good difficulty for our students.

In addition, the interior of the dungeon is rich in the most popular stone ruins, caves, forests, deserts and swamps, and so on.

In addition, it is more powerful than normal dungeon, so it is attractive to practice that even if a number of students continue to play magic like every day, there is no need for magic.

Because it is a C class, it is possible to suppress it by a preliminary school staff, even if it is a runaway, there is no safety requirement of Orbaum.

"This time, it is a purpose to experience dungeon in front of you." Not攻略. Remember me

Dandrip says to the students and keep their attention.

“Most of our customers have not experienced dungeons.” Learn about anxiety and excitement. Comment It’s not an unknown adventure that you will experience. It’s a known experience for hundreds of years.

Many adventurers step into the world, remove the object, collect and revitalize the material. It is a training that aims to do what it can do.

There are many young people who are floated, tuned, overestimate their own power, or fall into panic due to anxiety and fear.

Dandrip...Landruff thought it was the role of the adventurer school to reduce such a tragedy a little.

The name of the adventurer is bad. This is a魔 who specializes in magic. Most of them are workers who know the unknown wizards in the known場, and they sell them back and sell them.

There are too many people who die. The adventure should be done by the people who want to do after冒険ing enough strength and experience)

Considering such a事ish thing, but if you put it in your mouth, you will reduce the desire of the students. On the contrary, he knew that the strong jumping of the loss could 走 up.

“Adventure to unknowns has enough power, and you can challenge any amount after graduating from this school.

The S-class adventurer of the Amid Empire, the storm of abuse, revived from the legendary magical continent. Our “five-colored blades” also defeat the original vampire, and are still conducting research activities in the “Dungeon of Alda’s Trials”. And that’s where I think that the future of your life is long, and now it’s time to store power for the future!

The eyes of non-Vandaloo students who are 振ently lying on the neck are sparkling as Randaluf did not shy. A noble Bonbon is cute when you are doing this.

(The storm of 虐ence is likely to have attacked the Duke of the Amid Empire and the Temple of Alda, so there is a possibility that the ルドld has been destroyed. I didn’t see it in my mind, but I don’t have to do anything that I don’t know.

Isn’t it possible to give such a name?)

"I'm good, first of all, I'm divided into the party that I decided in advance, and I'll receive a "request" and put it in the dungeon in order. The “Request Form” comes in front of the instructors waiting in front of the stairs following the three layers of the basement. Today's practice is over."

And the brief rule description: If you have finished talking about obstruction to other parties, or forbid private fights between students, you will enter the dungeon from the first party.

"I'm going to Van!"

Pauvina and Rhinehards joined the dungeon earlier than Vanderou. The problem that they were written in the "Request Form" was the collection of herbs that were born in the basement two layers.

"Cute"

Pine is pulled like a hair ornament on the head of Pauvina. That’s why there’s no bunch of things.

“Let’s go!”

And Vandalou remains solo. It is not possible to change a party member once decided, but Vandaloo decided to join the party of Elizabeth and decided to enter another classmate party.

By the way, the rule that new students can only party with students in the same classroom over a month after enrollment is due to the consideration of the school that only one person can attend, and not to have a fairlyバランス party.

In order to organize a party, including all new students and advanced students, many of the students will ask for advanced students and excellent graders, and the advanced students will select and pull out excellent new students.

When the students who have left them together, they are not all avant-garde or all a magician.

Therefore, first of all, we will organize a party among the limited number of people. Of course, some parties with limited conditions may disbande from personality issues.

However, at that time, it is only a month since it is over, so it is a good story to make a party again.

Some of the adventurers work with the same party members, but some people often join and leave the party from the time of the adventurer school.

So there are few adventurers looking for a party that suits you.

It is rare for students to study. Because it is normal to put in other parties only during training.

"Teacher, our request is "to collect 30 magic stones", but I have no confidence that I can achieve. What should I do?

"I think it is good to cooperate with other parties." Instead of helping people who are not magical that are required in the request form, it is possible to pass the magical stone from the defeated magic. If so, you can exchange it with other materials than the magic stone that you defeated."

“Do you have such a thing?”

"I think there is no problem." It is prohibited by the rule because it is obstructed and cooperation is not prohibited. ......The cooperation of adventurers is recommended even in the actual adventurer ルドld."

Vandaloo, who should only be one of them, gave answers to their classmate questions. He has earned respect for his students who have been trained and practiced so far, and is now treated as one of the teachers.

"Teacher, don't have a problem." That’s true, but I don’t want students to be able to see them biologically.”

"I don't know, Mr. Harbinger. But I’m a student?

“Oh, yeah.” This is my teacher!

Herbager, who laughs very nicely, is a teacher who ate to Vanderou until the first day. He was a self-study after that, but he had to mix with the student to make the opponent of the simulated fight against Vanderou.

By the way, the instructors other than Harbinger do not treat Vandalou. The instructors of Pauvina's class are warm, and they are treated as a student,。ly, they say, "I don't have to worry about it, but I don't have to worry about it."

In response to consultations from other students, the order of Vanderouts is approaching.

“Our Request Form” is... Is it possible to defeat the stone goム and transport all the materials to the basement? The difficulty level is high.

?」

"Peat, Stone Goム's material is all rocks that make up the body. It’s hard to carry hundreds of kilometres of stone mass while fighting the magic, so Van says that the difficulty is higher.”

......

“It’s hard for ordinary adventurers, but for ordinary adventurers.”

“It’s like Eleonola.” If you have an additional problem with the tone, it's troublesome, so let's go with the face of "this is difficult"

Vandalou’s solo party is the first time to register in the taymar ルドld, a peat that has just been shrinking to a large scale, and a eleonola registered in the taymar ルドld the other day. And it is an undead numeral that is known by silky.

When I went to Eleonorra, I confirmed that the master of Taymarルドld, Orloc, “Is it really good to register my daughter as a demon?” But Vandaloo asked, “Is it okay to go to the city without registration?” He said.

Orlock seems to memorize resistance to wearing collars in Eleonola, which is only visible to young women. However, his sense of resistance seems to be mist。ed in the voice of the a、 that he said, "I am not suitable as a Van," said by Eleonola.

A gardener with a large scissors that can cut humans from the corners to a plant-like woman who stretched multiple branches from the back and a gardener with a giant meat cut knife.

Vandaloo says it is a solo with it.

It is an overwar power even if you think.

"Let's go in order"

However, in this practice, it was a rule that Taymer students can take a 魔mble because they have the purpose of making a student experience in dungeon.

Of course, Vandaloo didn’t have any trouble or deviate from the rule. The stone goム is defeated in the basement two layers, and the de s are evenly divided by everyone, and the underground three layers are captured. However, when other students were in trouble, they achieved a request form.

......At that time, I left one of the witch kings that have excellent hiding ability with Chiplus on the stairs to the basement four layers.

"In order to make it easier to practice later, we will examine the structure, magic, and the distribution of plants and minerals that can be collected! Vanderou's [Maze Creation] is not complete for the unexplored part! "

"I don't know both magical and other students, but it's sm、, veil kelt!"

“Oh, I don’t know, I don’t have, I don’t have, I don’t have... I’m not... who...!”

"Bel Celtic, don't think about difficult things, don't worry. Demon is all other than ours in the dungeon.

I'll do it! I'll do it!

That’s why Vandaloo knew all the dungeons managed by the adventurer school.

At that time, training was held in the world of Vandalou.

“Uohooon!”

Rock Gorem, a man-shaped witch made of rocks,声s the rocks and screams. On the other hand, Ullika had a knife for throwing and squeezed.

I aimed at a knife flying at a speed like a pineapple, but I ordered the fu age of the rock goム.

』

“I’m sorry!? I think the knife penetrated the rock!”

The result is amazing rock goム and ullika.

“Now, what will you be surprised?”

“T ’s a rock!? You’ll see a knife that’s released by human power!? It’s amazing, it’s normal!”

"It was explained that the physical laws were different, right?"

Mali came out instead of Ullika, where the attack has been successful in the middle panic. Slender hands are transformed into a large fist covered with hard shells with [metamorph] to beat it.

"Uohooon!?"

From the place where the mari fist was hit, it ran to the whole body and the rock goム crushed into roses.

"...Yes, this is amazing. Because I was hard, I had a fist that I didn’t use any magic.

I was surprised to see two people.

“I think it’s like that.” Rock goム is rank 4 and Ullika's [throwing] skills and martial arts skills are 5 levels each. It’s not a surprise because it has a high ability.

"...I think I was dyed in common sense here."

"It seems to take a while to get used to it."

However, it seems that two people were not pins in this world.

What is the physics of this world?

I think that it is quite different from "Earth" and "Origin". If the earth is, the giants and 、s of 100 meters long will not be physically present.

In the first place, it is a world with the human body. It is better not to think about difficult things."

」

Ullika and Mali look at the sky. Over the white cloud, the sky of meat color...the ceiling is pulsed. The evidence that "Earth" and "Origin" and "Physical Law" differed was only useful in places where they are.

Let’s go next because I was convinced. Van, please next!

"Yes,"

The world in the body: Vandalou again touches the rock goム, and then sends it to Ullika and Mari.

"Next is... [撃】]!"

Ullika throws a knife by activating the martial arts of [throwing technique] in the rock goム approaching by resonating roar and footsteps.

The knives that rotate at high speed were ordered to the body of the rock goム and opened a large hole in the body.

......

Look at the rock goム that roars and collapses, and Ullika is stunned.

“I’m a deer... I’m a lot of power.” Just 動 the martial arts, is this the power of martial arts? Or has it become a d  person?

"I don't have to sing the spells, but it's also a little magic that I need. Is there a demand for this world magician?

The martial arts is a bit of condition. You can use weapons that can trigger the effect of the skill, etc. You can move the spell with less magic.

If you have martial arts, it is not necessary for magic. I thought, Kanako floated a bitter laugh.

“It’s because you’re strong. It is because the power of ordinary people [螺 Shooting] does not come out. ...... Well, when you can use helix, it's not a normal person.

Also, it is not strong enough to change to the dummy species. Surely, the power is up with the [strength strengthening] skill, but if you don't have more knowledge. ......Mari is why I want to earn the skill.

カ those who have been reborn in “Ramda” until now, Ullika and Mali have not received the status adjustment by Rodocolte.

Therefore, the technology of the gun is different from the previous re生rators, such as changing to [cannon] rather than [baby].

However, their ability and skills are much higher than the people of Lamda.

Therefore, it was inevitably that the martial arts that her 動s were uncommon.

The two people were trained to get used to the body that changed to the dummy and the martial arts that did not exist in "Origin".

“Now, let’s go in a similar way to the actual battle?” Two people have a job change at least once today! ...... This world is not possible, so it is necessary to dance while singing.

“A little!? Is the purpose changed?”

“Ullika ... Actually, I started to solicit a person who is recently. St 

"It's hard!? Is it related to us?"

"Vandaloo, Canako will do the eight different times to us even in the absurd?"

Protested by Ullika, Mali says to the world of Vanderou, but the result was not changed.

"Oh, the training itself is necessary for the two, and it is true that the physical ability that rises up is a positive force for the two."

In other words, Vandaloo in the body created a number of rocks in the [Gorem Creation] and created tens of rock goムs.

"Uohoo Ohon!!"

The birth of the rock goム is surprisingly controlled movement to ambiently enclose two people.

“Well, I’m defeating this rock army and stepping into the idle!”

“Oh, I think it is different from my idle!”

"I have agreed to take a lesson, but it was unexpected. Oh, I want to meet my mother soon.

While Ullika pulled the knife for throwing, Mali shot his arms to the crab scissors with [metamorph], changing the legs to the legs of the beast and greeted the Goムs.

"Indeed, I feel the same, but ... I'm sad that I can't use the material I made. Well, the two armors are difficult to create the diana armor, but it takes a little more time."

If you finish this training, let’s prepare a universal variant and armor to wear from it. Vandaloo was thinking.

On the other hand, Bocole, Yukijoro, and Gaエルel were trained on the terrain. If you have been fighting, the three people who can only use the magic of the dead attribute magic are determined to be early in the real-world training.

In addition, he has been trained from Banda.

“I’m all!”

In  with the deceased, the undeaded flocks attack Stone Goム and Wood Goム. The undead of the 獣 beast produced in the six-way experiment pushes the goム, and the President Ghosts perform a far-di  attack by Polter Gist. In addition, Gorem gradually reduces the number of deceased magecraft and physical  of the experimental undeads.

On the other hand, Hiro had already defeated Goム in Magic.

"Banda, I want to fight with you"

"Haku, I'm still early to fight it." “It’s a goム in a shape that’s like it now.”

There were two reasons why Vandaloo’s Goム is limited to enemies. Because the killing of the monsters and subhuman-shaped monsters is still irritating in Ullika. It was for the education of Haku and Plu、.

It is recommended in "Ramda" to eat the meat and get the material. However, she is still a child. There is an emotional education problem to get used to the smell of blood that kills物をatures with their own hands and splashes.

However, it remains anxious to keep保護 like a greenhouse as it is still strength, because the soul of the six-way is魂ed.

For this reason, there is a lot of training to the opponent with a goム made of in機.

。 But I want to see my bones before my mother comes here.

Let’s go to the museum in Talosム. There is a lot of undeads made from your bones. Double head tilano and satin ammonite are also in stock last year, and there is also a corner where you can touch triangular虫s."

"It's magic!? I think it's only this world such as double heads and satin, but I want to see the trifolitics!"

A museum with an undead, made from the corpse of dinosaurs gifted to Vandalu on the third birthday, has continued to develop.

Vandaloo trained both inside and outside.

――――――――――――――――――

Name: Ullika Skatchio

Species: Pluent

Age: 35

Name:

Job: Voyeur

Level: 7

Job history: apprentice magician, apprentice warrior

・Passive skills

Psycho LvLv

Self-reinforcement: Lead:1Lv

Darkness

Strength:1Lv

High speed playback:1Lv

Conditional abnormality: 1Lv

Power:1Lv

・アクティブe skills

Housework:1Lv

Wind Attribute Magic: 5Lv

Magic Control: 6Lv

Tumor: 4Lv

Shorts: 6Lv

Throwing: 5Lv

brutal footLvLv

Unlock:1Lv

Trap: 5Lv

1Lv

: 1Lv

Unique skills

Echo:6Lv

Vanderou's protection

Name:Mari

Species: Pluent

Age: 35

Name:【Black Maria】

Job: Death Attribute Magician

Level:70

Job History: Apprentice Warrior, Fighter

・Passive skills

Mental Pol : 10Lv

Self-reinforcement: Mom:10Lv

High Speed: 5Lv

Darkness

Monster power:1Lv

Conditional abnormality: 1Lv

Self-reinforcement: Leading Lv

Food: 1Lv

・アクティブe skills

Family事Lv

Magic Control: 7Lv

Gungy Lv

Shorts: 6Lv

Fighter: 6Lv

Brutal Foot: 5Lv

Limit: 5Lv

Celebrity Lv

Dance: 1Lv

Death Attribute Magic: 4Lv

Unique skills

Metamorph: 10Lv

Vanderou's protection

●スキル Commentary: Food

スキル, the skill to try the umulation. When you take more than the necessary amount of rition and  s to a certain amount, you can consume it when necessary and exceed。ry.

The amount of溜umulation can be increased as the level increases. Basically, there are people who are not able to learn the skills of humans.

Next story will be posted on July 13th.