Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Three hundred and eighteenths of school life

I had a great power. It was just one of the top points of the world, and it was supposed to be a difference between heaven and earth in all of its existence.

However, in fact, "Undead" and its contents were defeated by Kanko Azumimiya. Not only that, but it was just a child who is not a reincarnation, I was doing it.

We have worked hard and patience, and have been trained in the con  y that has been kneaded over the decades. This is when I thought that I was fulfilled while being chased.

Like a nightmare. What do you think about the existence of "Undead" in advance? Can you prevent or repel the  of a person?

Is it possible for me to control the spirit of the world, unlike the "Undead" or the "Ryukyu"?

No matter how much you think, there is no answer that seems to be correct even if you simulate it several times.

』

』

、  

He has been killed many times in the simulated. The head was crushed into the black ray where the 鉤s were released.

It was not real, so there is no pain, but I felt that my痛みiliation and despair were tactile whenever I was killed.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. No, I don't want to think about it! But I can't think it!)

Why did you fail? How did you win? I can't move as if I'm in prison. However, I couldn’t think about it because it was clear.

(I'm not dead? Or... I'm God and I can't die?)

“No, I don’t know about other gods, but I’m really dead.”

)

In the moment when I thought that I had a memorable face, the consciousness of Rokudo holy waking up from within me.

However, if you do not live, you will not be able to use "original".

"I'm here, it's time!"

After his death in the Earth, he remembered the space before rebirth to “Origin”.

“Oh, it’s a little different, but it’s like that.”

"Oma!? ......Machida, Shimada, and Maruto. You are coming to me. That's why I want to see it.

It was a six-way that looked at the appearance of three subturbulous people, but it was reflexively removed the outer surface. However, there was no conf、 against those who were dead with white wings on the back.

On the six roads of such a situation, the subturbation sheds breath as she was amazed.

That’s right. I know you’re 性ine

"After that, even if the external surface is removed, the feeling of discomfort ..."

"Your appearance is pretty"

In other words, I took out the mirror and showed it in six directions.

“This is what...!”

The mirror reflected in the mirror was a human being whose body looks like a homogeneous s ptural beauty.

He realized that he is not the human figure of Rokudo Sei, but the figure of "Arc Aberon" he recognized his current state correctly.

“I see... I’m still dead?” And the wings of the dead came to see the state of the present world from here.

"...It's fast to talk, but it's a lot of fun. I don't know if you are re、tantly re、tantly about the things you were born.

"I've been watching it for a long time? If it was, it's waste to repair it now. I would like to ask for a fee.

Since I remembered that I became a “arc abalone”, the spirit of the six-way was calm. So I was killed as a result of directing my own intellect, but I did not shake even if I was known to my friends.

I saw it. You are blown away to the Expo, pull your feet to escape from the bander, and you are doing everything in the rainy palace.

! Don't forget!

However, the memory of defeat and death en、d deep wounds in the spirit of the six-way. Even if he had been challenged lightly by subturbation, he would take a cool face. But now he was顔iliating and angry, and distorted with fear.

“What do you have to do before you? What do you have to do with your弾s? Or do you come to laugh before you fall back to hell??”

In the six trajectory, he said, “No, no, no.”

“I was looking for you.”   the lack of memory, the consciousness does not cause problems, or the spirit is not devastated.

If you see that, you might have some trauma, but there is no problem. Unfortunately

“What is it? Why do you know that?”

"At the end, one tuition." From now on, Vandaloo...It may be said to be called “Undead” again, but it should be disconnected.”

“We should value ourselves now because we did not disappear due to the misfortune and two friends. You shouldn’t take any further risk.

When I said that, I took a distance from the sixth road with subturbation. Rokudo tried to find them to ask what kind of thing, but it was not possible.

"It seems to have been confirmed"

With such words, the six-way ground suddenly moved. Then, the five rocks are岩 up.

“Is this... I’m on your palm?” A long time ago

The sixth road, I realized that I was the conductor of Rodo Corte, and I was 睨ed by him.

“Is this a way to teach me how I宣言d that I have reached God? I want to say that I was dancing on my palm.”

It was the sixth way to decide so, but simply the soul of him was closed inside his own in the hands of Rodo Corte. Rodo Corte just 。s up from the air and opens the palm, and commands the soul of the guardian to confirm the state by causing the six-way to the subturbation.

Rod Corte was distracted by his soul, even though he was not able to move until now.

"...I would like to interpret it. However, as a result of your deeds, I am sure that I have suffered a lot of troubles and damages, and remembered a、 on that matter."

However, if you don’t have to believe that true truth, Rodo Corte told me only the negative、s that I remember for the sixth way.

If the sixth road does not do anything with "Origin", it does not study of the dead attribute, and it does not reverse the [バー Bars], and if it lives true as a trunk, Vandalou and its forces should be a fewer than now.

“The Guide to the 8th” may eventually become Legion, but Junpei Murakami did not die, and he could not be 魂ed to Vanderou. Kanako Tsuchiya was also reborn in “Ramda” and he wouldn’t be able to become a member of Vandaloo.

And Kanto Izumimiya and Vandalou met again, and it was not able to fulfill the settlement.

Rodo Corte thought so. I ordered Vandalu slaughter in Kanata Kaito and Junpei Murakami.

“So, what do you do? Do you fall into hell with the人類s of destroying humanity? Or do you do it?

“I’m not sure what the world is going to do for me. If you just want to kill a large amount like you, it is a problem.

“What is it?”

When he was living in the "Earth", he was not a true character, but he saw Rodocolte when he revived. Therefore, I did not doubt the existence of God.

Then, I tied Lodcorte with the image of the existence called “God” in the world.

That’s why I thought I would be punished, but I was conf  by the saying that I could not be responsible for trying a mass slaughter.

“Are you not God?”

I am God. However, it is important for the reason why it must protect humanity.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. How to make

Rodo Corte said, the information about "Ramda" and "Vandalu" was poured into the head of the sixth road.

』

Rodocolte, a six-way that is embarrassed by the unknown sense and a little drunk in its appearance.

“I see. It was a problem for God that the system used to rebirth to “Arc Aberon” rather than “Arc Aberon”.

And the sixth road hurts his head because he bought an unpredictable rodocorte while he put his hands on his jaw.

“How is it that we were going to revitalize to another different world if we were dead? If we knew it before, I could not do another thing... or if we know another person?”

If you know six ways to live a third life in Rumda, you did not take the study of the magecraft. It may have been suicided after obtaining a lot of knowledge and technology in "Origin" and moved to "Ramda" first from other re生es to lead to God.

However, as I noticed in the middle of the sixth road, it is likely that other re生ers took the same action if they knew it, so the part of "beyond other re生ers" was impossible.

In particular, the re生es who have suffered the spirit ... The eyes of Minuma and Joseph Smith will suicide.

“If I knew that there was a third time, I was worried that I could not live the second life seriously. Likelihood, you and your subordinates from the middle ... I had been entrusted for more than a year ago, but I did not receive it at all?

“I don’t know the condition that God entrusted and delivered, but I didn’t receive it, but I’ll see it.”

Rokudo feared God unconsciously...Rodcorte in the process of backing the fellow to study the dead attribute. Rod Corte did not know what God or the truth, and he was identifiable with the god that the public image. Therefore, I thought that God would think uncomfortablely about himself who worked on human experiments and fellowships.

Because of such a reason, I had to close my heart to God and I wanted to go to God.

“But the Undead... If you’re fighting with Vandalu, it’s fast! Let me back to ‘Origin’ again! Now, we’ll try to make sure that we’ll be defeated by the premise of human beings!”

。 In the unlikely event of success, and this time will surely be destroyed and destroyed."

“What’s it?”

The six roads that were completely denied to be able to win by themselves were stunned.

The result of the incident that you caused was part of the God of Origin. Even if you return to ‘Origin’ again, you will be crushed to Vanderou who knows it.

Because part of the God of Origin became part of Vanderou, he can pray to God and see the memory of the people of fear. It is also possible to give the prayer to the person who prays.

And then Rodcorte was thinking that Vandalou could come back to “Origin”.

The girl who possessed the difference made from his own soul of Tsuru Azumimiya was transferred to "Ramda", so it may be impossible for Vandalu to go to "Origin".

However, even though it was a part of the "God of Origins", it is not 。.

I didn’t know which one is right.

“But if you want to give me the next chance? Isn’t there any winnings even if I changed to Ramda?”

Rokudo Sei, who did not win in "Origin", explains whether he can win Vandaru in "Ramda" and not won as it is. “Ramda” doesn’t have any “Bevers” such as Kanjin Azumimiya, but there are many members of Vandalu.

In addition, there is no authority to have in the Sixth Road, and there is no state or organization that can be used like the Republic of China and the Scandinavian Union.

On the other hand, in addition to Vandaloo, there is a strong enemy in Rumda.

If he rebirths to Ramda and attempts to regain his power, he takes several times as much as "Origin".

The total population of "Ramda" is less than 100 million people, unlike "Origin" which was a billion in total population. If you add a new breed of Vida, it exceeds 100 million, but it is still overwhelmingly less than "original".

And while spending time, we will gather to defeat the sixth time. The Amid empire is a top adventurer of A and B. In addition, if you can not miss a mass killer of discri , you may be able to join the storm of 虐 .

And the kingdom of Orbaum, of course, Vandaloos, "True" Randolph. Five-colored blades led by honey. In both cases, the candidates who are raised by the Aldas of the “Horaijin” will be 叩king Rokudo St.

If you attack directly to the Vidal Magic Empire, you can only despair. In the Boundary Mountains, “The Giant of the Sun” Taros and former “The King of the Witch” Godwin will kill six times when the Great Moon, Dana, “The Dragon of the Moon”, and Baknawa, the Guardian Gods, and many Gods.

Rokudo St. has certainly reached God because it became "Arc Aberon". If it is a rank, it is the equivalent of 13. However, in other words, it is only about 13 rank. The difference of experience and physical abilities is below.

Even the shock wave of death released by "Origin" can bear even if the C-class adventurer or more of "Ramda". If you are an avant-garde of a life-rich A-class adventurer or more, you may only feel a light jab.

If the world where Rumda is able to do about 13 ranks, the evil gods and the original vampire of the remnants of the Magnolia army are very closely involved.

It is about whether you can destroy one country before you kill.

Vandalou fell six times, but the "original" was only a part of the soul that has no physical body, with less magic than the body. Because he prevented his non-dis。、 slaughter.

After explaining them, Rodo Corte said on the sixth road that distorts the face to iliation.

"In addition, it is impossible to change you as a human."

“What’s it?”

“I’m a god who controls human life. It is impossible to rebirth the existence leading to the devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated by the power, memory, and personality of the predecessor. Different soul standards

For Rodo Corte, it was unexpected that the rebirth came to God in “Origin”. That’s why I had a big impact on my revitalization to Rumda.

If you are trying to rebirth to Rumda, you will die before you can not withstand the body and body of the re。ing destination.

It is not possible to make the body directly and revitalize it, as if you change the asagi or canako.

If you are pregnant, it is necessary to revitalize six times, not humans. And because Rodo Corte cannot create the fl、 of the subdi、.

If you do not force it, you will be able to create a body that can change the sixth way, but it will be very distortion and 。ttle.

I don't know whether I can benefit from the status system of "Ramda" even if it is impossible to do so. It was because the Abundance had said before, but I don’t know how to determine the status of the Gods who came to God in the world that has been reborn from another world.

However, it seems to be Rodo Corte so that it is unlikely that Rodo Corte is less likely that Rodo Corte is regarded as human. ......If you still have questions about how to treat humans, there is no way to ask questions or protests.

“How do you do it?”

"Oh, I thought once if there is a method."

Revitalize Moriya, who is under the sixth road, and support them on the sixth road that was used. In this case, you can use the power of the sixth road to God as it is, to the guardians who grew up with the benefit of the status system.

"But I judged that the method is dangerous to make Vandaloo opponent"

However, if Vandaloo is successful, it is possible to attack the sixth road directly. It is different if you can make a magic item that puts the soul of the sixth road on the ground, but it may be difficult because the soul of the ordinary use, the spirit and the original God may differ.

In addition, it seems that the strength difference between Vanderou is buried in the extent that the guardians grew somewhat.

“But you don’t have any way to win Vanderou by turning to Rumda. It’s a bitter meat, and it’s dangerous. It’s enough to win Vanderou.”

There is a possibility that a new reincarnation can not be a fighting force, and there is a situation that Rodo Corte is not used even if it is hard to use.

Heinz, who a。ned Arda’s bidding, Berwood, is less likely to root the people of Vidal Magic Empire even if he defeated Vandaloo. In the previous Bellwood, he was able to slaughter his weighted woman and a young child, as if he was殺菌ized, but he could not expect him.

That’s why we need to be聖d by Rokudo. He should meet Rodo Corte's expectations. Of course, the curse is not to crush the soul.

“Is it true? Is it possible for me to win and win? If you’re going to do it?”

There is no reason for Rodo Corte in Rokudo St. He was not able to withstand that he was only defeated by Vandaloo. In the "Earth", the air that is not enough to take, is only in the background of living, and it is the first dead loser in "Origin" and it was seen below. It is not allowed to be scraped and defeated so that it is good to knead the kneaded to such a person.

No more, you can't allow someone to be special. The ability to repair the patience and the upper side that I had when I was human was lost when I became God. At this time, his head did not know his friend's advice.

In the adventurous school, a lot of news that Alex and Elizabeth were completely decisive, and Elizabeth added Vandalu Zakart.

"Sasuga Elizabeth"

“When did you invite you? Or did you get closer to him?”

Elizabeth answered the students who assembled around me while sitting at their seat.

Imagine a fine world. Well, I would like to say that I would be of course."

The students are welcome. However, Elizabeth was intimate and panic.

(Now, I'm doing my take-up!? I know that I've been in front of the classroom, but I'm going to be my companion!? I'm looking for something!? Why???)

It was only Samurai girl Maheria who was worried about looking at the inside of Elizabeth.

On the other hand, Alex was forced to keep calm in his own seat in another classroom. If you are a member of the party, you have seen the status of Paulina.

(Almost nothing was seen!)

However, the status characters and numbers were mosaic, and they were unreadable.

[Magical eye of the big appraisal] had a drawback that the status would not be read if the target amount is larger than the power amount of the owner.

That’s why Alex was not able to see the status of the adventurer who came to the village and the adult who was young. However, I got the power of C-class adventurers, so I didn’t lose that.

The exception was when some instructors, such as Meolilis and Dundelip (Landruff), and the status of the adventurous ルドlds that were able to see accidentally.

However, the same thing happened when I looked at the status of Paulina.

(If she is an A-class adventurer or more talented person...? It’s not so bad... but I can only think that I can’t see the status!

What’s the number of skills? I don’t know how many skills you have to read and how much level you are. However, the number of minors is abnormal! It is sure that you have multiple unique skills...?)

Think so far, wipe cool and sweat bleeding on the forehead. More overwhelmingly than you... That’s because you don’t know how to invite a friend to a powerful pauvina that can’t understand what is the same school student.

If the power of Pauvina is expected, it is not good if you become a companion. However, there is no merit to become a member of Alex in Pauvina.

It is different if you confess that you have a large appraisal maze, but if you think about the danger that the information is leaked, you want to avoid it.

(But the first thing is that... I sold a brawl to her brother Vandalu! If you look at the results of the entrance examination, it might be just a man who was born in a rare tribe with only Pauvina. Because Paulina is hiding his power, he should be strong even if he is not Paulina)

Do you have to pay a fee for tomorrow and check the status at that time? While thinking about such a thing, Alex supposes a bitter sump.

And Vanderou had a meeting with Paula to return home together. In the meantime, focus on the world in the body.

“Everyone has confirmed their status?”

In the body world, the status system was explained to those who migrated from the Plu、 and Expoda "Origin".

"The number displayed in the status is not absolute." Even if you are proud of the power of 100, you may lose to less than 50 people. The level of skill is high.

After that, it is not possible to act because it is not displayed in the skill. Even if you don’t have a sword, you can try to shake it with a sword, and even if you don’t have a cooking or housework, you can cook and do it. It is only possible for people who have earned their skills to work well."

It was already explained in one way, but it was nodded to the explanation that Vandaloo did again and took memo.

“Do you have questions?”

“Yes!”

It was the Ullika of [Echo] to try it well.

“My status job is “no” and my history is also “no” but this is because I’m not working now?”

It's not. It is just a job change experience. “I don’t have to worry about my work or my home guard.”

Ullika shows the answers of Vandalou, and looks like it.

“Oh, the skill is the maximum of ten levels? Well, I’m weak...?”

“Is it weak?”

"Hakumome-you are much stronger than the same older child in this world. It is overwhelming

Vandaloo guarantees that the level of their skills is low.

Hiro is strong enough to go to a preliminary school where Vandalu is now passing even if there is no distortion. I think that the most high level of [unattributable magic] is difficult to evaluate, but if you think that you are eight years old and still not working on the job, you should grow as much as possible.

You can defeat Alex in an easy-to-understand manner if you are wearing a mask.

In the first place, the child who is 4 years old is an example of learning skills. Not a strong weak problem.

“My friends and my friends are full of me?”

Then, when the bender followed, both of them re-started to “similar”.

What is the world outside?

“Do you have a Dragon? Do you have a fairy or a little girl?”

"What is the magic? Is it scary than the demons?"

Then the child gives a question that is not related to the status. It seems that curiosity is not suppressed.

。 Let’s look at some of my memories and explain it.”

In the world of the body: near the Vanderou, a projection-type use magical king of the shape that only touches and wings were born on a huge eyeball gathers.

And the eyeballs of Vandalou and the Witch kings shine in various colors and reflected his memory on the white wall made of [Gorem Creation].

“First, this is the picture of my school.”

"Wow, there are children of various hair colors!"

“Well, what is the dwarf of a child with a lower back?”

"The principal teacher is a woman. Ear is pointed

The children open their mouth and wi-fi while watching the projected video. When Vandalou smiled on his appearance, Paulina came outside the body.

“Is there a party?”

“Yes! I decided to talk with Rhinehard!”

Pauvina is nodded to be healthy. By the way, Rhinehalt is a noble from her when taking the exam. She is a member of the party.

Vandaloo was relieved that the relationship in the classroom seems to be good. However, Paulina continued to say “but...”

"I saw a child who doesn't know from the corner of the corridor. No matter what you say, look at your eyes with a sweaty face. I was feeling bad.

......

“We didn’t do anything because we didn’t see it, but we didn’t see it.”

"I didn't feel the hostility, but I was worried that I just came to see a rare new student. What is the student’s perspective?

The Orbia and the Princess Levia, who was about Pauvina, reinforced the testimony of Pauvina. And Vandaloo was the heart of the student’s appearance of the problem she explained.

"... I think you might be an alex senior. Then, I said that the person who wants to be a companion is showing up, but was it a thing of Paulvina?

What do you think? You don’t know what to do? It may be better to notice.

Vandaloo thought.



Name: Paulina Zakart

Species: Noble Oak Half

Age:9

Two names: [The Magic Girl of the Next Generation] [Magic Use] [Ryuhime]

Job:R 

Level:71

Job history: Apprentice Warrior Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sneakers Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches Sketches

・Passive skills

Darkness

Stiffness:1Lv

Strengthening Lv(UP!)

Physics Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Agg ive power boost when equipped with a duller: inside (Agg ive from strengthening dull equipment attack!)

Metal armor armor when armor is equipped to strengthen protection force.

shield equipment when protection power is increased: small (A ning from strengthening shield equipment defense force!)

Mental Resistance: 5Lv

Intuition: 4Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic PowerLvLvLv(UP!)

Enhancement: 5Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Dragons: 1Lv

Throwing: 6Lv(UP!)

Armorship:10Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Limit LvLv (UP!)

Home事Lv(UP!)

Fighter: 5Lv (UP!)

Dismantling Lv(UP!)

)Lv(UP!)

Magic Control: 4Lv(UP!)

Dirt Attribute Magic: 4Lv (UP!)

Lv5(UP!)

Singing Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Magic: 4Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

Garrett

Vanderou's protection

Mubuggenge's protection

Tiermatt protection

Contact

The status of the Pauvina above was almost impossible to see because the power difference with her.

Name:Rain Palace

Type: Human

Age:3

Two names: [Small Pluto], [Vandalu's Virgin], [Bandal Possession]

Job: None

Level: 0

Job history: None

・Passive skills

Death Attribute Attribute Lv

Reinforcement: 1Lv

Power LvLv

Self-reinforcement: Leading Lv

・アクティブe skills

Death Attribute Magic Lv

Unmatched Magic: 1Lv

Magic Control:1Lv

Goム Wrought:1Lv

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Bander

Name:Rain Palace Expo

Type: Human

Age: 8

Two names: [Vandalu's disciples]

Job: None

Level: 0

Job history: None

・Passive skills

Power:1Lv

Self-reinforcement: Leading Lv

・アクティブe skills

Fire Attribute Magic:1Lv

Water Attribute Magic:1Lv

Magic Control Lv

Unattribute Magic: 5Lv

Limit: 1Lv

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Vandalu's片s

Magic Power: 4Lv

〇 Two titles: The Virgin of Vanderou

One of the two people who have a special position among God’s followers. In this case, it means that it is a saint who believes the god of Vanderou.

It becomes easier to earn respect and favor from those who believe the same God, and to acquire and grow skills related to the things that God is responsible. In addition, there is a possibility of obtaining guardianship and detention. (In the case of dwelling, it is now)

〇スキル Description: Bander

A unique skill that現 expresses that the bander is possessing. It is not possible to control just by having it.

Bandar (Vandalou) is 冥ed by the intention of Vander (Vandalou).

For this reason, in the unlikely event that this skill is sniffed, the bander will quickly kill the owner of a new skill to return to you.

The likelihood may also be lost because the  prit will be en d in the soul at the time of severing the skill.

〇  explanation: courtesy

A skill that expresses that you can practice it through the knowledge of courtesy of multiple regions and countries. A person who has this skill at a high level is often a儀 who researches the culture of the hand, or a teacher who teaches courtesy to the royal family.

Also, it is important that you do not know the courtesy of this skill.

For example, only those who have a courtesy of the aristocratic society of the Duchess of Alcrem do not have this skill, but those who understand the subtle difference of manners in the social world based on the history and culture of the Duchess of Alcrem and the Duchess of Saulon and the Duchess of Hartner.

On June 22nd, Mr. Kenyo Kojima sold two copies of my work!

In addition, there will be a comical version by the teacher on 28th. If you are interested, please check Nico Nico Nico Shizuka or Comic Walker.

Next story will be posted on June 27th.