Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 380: Reply from the Demon King to the Magician Killer

ルート the time of reunion in this world, it is the same person's appearance when you are in "Origin". And I heard that I joined Vanderlou's colleagues, but I actually saw it in my eyes this time, "Origin" was the third generation, but it is only visible around the age of 18. They were surprised by the two people.

"Oh, the story of the story is explained about the story. I don’t have a mari?

I know. Oh, but don’t pay for it first.  ご

That said, not onlyギ, but alsoウ and ginger were puzzled to marry to apology with a light head down.

"No, I'm sorry for anything?"

"Oh, if you apologize, it will be our customers who did not notice until they die when they are used on the sixth way."

"It's not just an origin, but it's here. I knew that there were three people living in Orbaum, but I didn’t contact them anymore.

Mari laughed right away.

“I didn’t have any interest, but I didn’t feel like to contact me because I thought it would be an absolute trouble when I contacted it. "If you become a friend of Vandaloo, I'll tell you when."

“I don’t think it was really bad?”

In a splendid tone, gingko floated a bitter laughter in the mari that responds to the voice and mouth of the asagi by changing the voice band with [metamorph].

。 We will help you to forget each other and listen to them.

Mali was not included in Tendou and Shoko, and asagi. When I was in Brian Bars, I felt a slight odor and amazed about something hot and bitter. There is also a memory that was frustrated. That’s it.

It’s a hot guy. or coworkers or friends. Never have I ever... thought to be my best friend, but I didn’t hate it.

It is not possible to be a seed of Vandalu's worries in the current progress. However, this time it is best if it fits comfortably.

And I did not have a deep relationship to memorize my、s for Tendou and Shoko.

Rokudo St. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  I think.

"By the way, if there is no Kanako, it is sure to揉 it. Even if you don't knead, after a while, "I was convinced at that time because I was操ed with memory and feelings in Kanako's [Venus]", Asagi said, Vanderou is serious and angry. That’s because there’s a tendow, ginger, and the Duke of Birgit.

“Oh, no matter how much I am.”

"Asagi, it means that it is credited so that it seems to be said before."

“So what is the letter?”

There were several writings about what he remembered the sense of crisis, how he remembered the sense of crisis, and what he should do.

"Yes, I'm going to enter the title."

The letter of Vandaloo, the nickname for it, was also the length of it. Pluto reads it out of the envel .

To Asagiri Minami There are various questions, doubts, and requests regarding our policy, but we are not obliged to respond to it.”

?」

However, it is clearly rejected from the beginning, and it is amazed to see the eyes. I was looking for a softer resume because I came to Mari to explain it as well as to the letter.

However, Tendo and shoko, who repeatedly削ed the letters written by Asagiri, floated the expression that was convinced in the middle.

“If you’re a国, you’re a国, or a samurai. It is only one of the adventurers of the other.

“We cannot explain policies, policies and policies that our country has in the future”

For Vanderou, the emperor of the Vidal Empire, as Pruto reads, Asagi is an adventurer of other people. There is no obligation to pass information equivalent to national confidentiality to such opponent.

"Asagi, there is no public relations department or press officer in this world. There is no right to know in a world where human rights are not defined.

If you want to know this information, you will have to become a領lomat of the Duchess. Unfamiliar

“No, but I want to hear it as a reincarnation of the same prevalence that I have been reborn from the same Earth and Origin.”

Asagiri was not convinced of this rejection even if it was explained to the message from Pluto and Mali. However, Vandaloo was also expected.

"However, if you do not answer, you may not be convinced. Please keep this information in this place. If you decide that you and your colleagues have spread the information, we will do the appropriate treatment.

When Pluto reads the co。ation, Asagi will shine the face, and Tendou and Shoko will "Do you know better?"

"First of all, the question of whether to aim at the world conquest" We don’t want to think about conquests, economic invasions, and erosions from religious insides. ......Yes, I also guarantee.

。 Asagi seems to be suspicious, but Vandalou became a government official because of the super-large country.

Asagi was worried that Vandaloo was aiming for world conquest. However, this is not only cedar, but also the aristocratic of the Orbaum Kingdom remembers the same anxiety at once. Amidst the Holy Land is repeatedly sued to the people, saying, “Vandalou is going to be wrapped in its darkness.”

However, I did not plan to Vanderou himself. In the first place, Dark Abalone is the con  y of the Sixth Road Holy. There are many unexpected incidents for him.

Vanderou does not intend to become a manager and has not been acting to increase the territory. To pursue his purpose, self-happiness, he wanted to have a certain property and social status, but he thought it would be good if he could become an honorary aristocratic.

"If you can't believe, it's easy, but it's easy to understand. I'm listening, and I'm talking about it.

“I don’t have to be able to get the power that can be done even if the story is made! If you defeat the King, no one will struggle!”

The words of Asagiri that appeal to them are also one of the most important. However...

“If Vandaloo got its power, it’s Rodo Corte. When Vandalou transforms from ‘Earth’ to ‘Origin’, Rodo Corte gave him a mistake in his abilities and ap s to attribute magic, and if he gave him his fortune, Vandalou should be completely different from now.”

Asagiri seemed to be silent in the point of Pluto.

After Vandaloo transformed into the “Ramda” world, he survived even if he was killing his mother, Dalcia, in the abbottling of Goul, and defeated Noble Oak, he reconstructed Tarosム...and then achieved various events that followed him, and his efforts were to win, but the result of the dead attribute magic and huge magic.

That’s why he was aimed at, and he didn’t abandon the person who doesn’t want to see him or her in good faith, and kept the things he wants to protect, and stepped into a 忌endous existence.

Although it is also large due to [Vidah's protection] that lost the growth limit, it will not be possible to deny the reason that it is the wrong hand of Rodo Corte, which was all the trigger.

If Rod Corte gives them to Vanderou, he did not sell to military state laboratories. In the first place, if there is a suitability of other attributes, it will not   up to the dead attribute, and if the ability and good luck are given, it should also suppress the magic power.

"In the first place, I had no existence if I had to force the 片の of the souls of Zakart who were crushed by the King Gudulanis and make one soul ... Well, even if it was not traced back to it, there was no current situation if Rodo Corte was solid at that time."

The death attribute magic is not found in "Origin", and Pruto is not used for research and experiments of at least dead attribute magic. ......It may be used for other experiments.

Rokudo Sei also did not focus on the research of dead attribute magic. I would have been trying other con。。y.

Mali also had a revenge to Kaido Kanata, but it was not possible to use it for the sixth way.

Vandalou himself may have lived in the world of origin, as Hiroto Tengu.

In other words, Dalcia died her son, whose soul of another is not resurrected, Zadilis Tall died in a lifetime or lost in the bugogan of Noble Oak, Tarosム is still ruined, and the Princess of Levia is still a ghost under the Nineland castle of the Duchess of Hartner. In addition, the organization of the wicked vampire of Esperity is also healthy, and the inside of the boundary mountain range may have heard the power of devoting Lavovifard, the evil god of release.

The Skulla of the Duchess of Saulon was used for the Resistance, and in the Duchess of Alcム, the 'The Evil of Coed and Heisted' Zezoleギン continued to dive for some time.

Therefore, I can say that it has a great impact on the world due to the mistakes of Lodcorte.

“I don’t thank Rodo Corte, but I don’t have to say that.” Rodo Corte is not intended to buy hatred actors and gives a try to Vanderou. I just made a mistake.

Vandaloo is great over the hardship."

The roots that Vandalou is calling because he likes, but there is no change in his faith. In her eyes, she expressed her intention to praise him clearly.

It seems to be dangerous for Asagiri, but it is true that the pointer of her and Mari is not wrong. And because Vandalou has unconsciously understood that herself who claims to be his companion is not a power to overcome her trial, she did not come up with words.

“Pluto and Asagiri seemed to be convinced that Vandalu wants to increase the presence in the world, so let’s go next.”

“Yes.” The next question is whether you are going to spread the magic item using the Death Attribute Magic or the Magic Flaw of the Devil, but Jesus.

"Wow! Waiting, disguise, and the items and prostheses that the predecessors call separately. But is bradpotion and V-cream really human side effects?

“I mean the impact of the harm.” In the case of the inner species of the led person, the dwarf is a dweller, and the beast is a dweller, and the beast is a dweller.

Mari explains more about Plu  species, but asagi seems to have memorized more crisis. In addition to change, it seemed that he mutates and washes people who were attracted by the effects of potions and creams.

"Aギ, it's the opposite. You can understand the explanation well, but it is not mutated from using medicine. Led people mutate with the effect of the drug.

For those who are unable to lead to Vanderou, they are just a drug."

“In addition, even if the tribes change... I don’t think it would be a problem in this world, especially in the society with the new tribes of Vida.”

However, it was a mustow and ginger that turned gently in a mouth-like manner so that the asagi opened the mouth.

“Tendou, shoko, and two people are serious!? It’s timeless. When a large number of people become dying, the country and society in the future are better now.

It was a big problem if it was "the earth" or "original" “The Earth and Origin have only humans, so there is only a society that adapts to humans.”

But this is another world. The life of dwarves and beasts is about two hundred years, about three hundred years of gours and giants, and five hundred years of elves, and the dark elves live for a thousand years. If you see it from humans, you don’t think it’s like an old man.”

As Shoko says, in the world of “Ramda”, there are many species with longer life than humans of “Earth”. It is not possible to say that it is a big change in the world that the life of humans disappears in such a world.

In addition, it tends to fall in the fertility when changing to the dummy species. A pair of couples are not able to grow hundreds of children for hundreds of years.

"In addition, the magician and vampire have no original life."

It is a few hundred years later. If you have a problem that can happen from now on, you might have found a solution in hundreds of years.”

“Isn’t it just a problem ahead?”

“It’s time to leave it without having to work on problems.” I don’t say that I will continue to work to solve it.”

Pluto was surprisingly thinking about the actions and effects of Vanderou from the values of human beings living in the Earth and Origin. I expected that two people would become a yumu actor, but I didn’t know if I had to stop them.

In fact, Vandalou does not have a fundamental solution to what to do if a population explosion occurs in a future that has no life。. Indeed, if you open the grounds of the king's continent or the parts that the magic continent still does not live, you should be able to live more than a billion people.

If you use it as a residence district of Dungeon, it will be possible to be 300 million yen.

If you know that more, you can only think of it as “Let’s open in space?”

......If you’ve moved the mountains a little earlier, you might be able to reconstruct the planet in a few hundred years.

However, the pace of increasing population is not limited. There is a possibility that it will be early, but it may be de子ing.

In fact, "Earth" has become a social problem since the era when Mali was living in developed countries other than Japan.

“Now, it seems that I was convinced that I could ask the next question, or the answer to the request...”

After a while, Pluto reads the letter again.

"The question and request that you see the danger of the canako will be judged to be answered without the value and reason, above."  

“I’m it! But if I’m not sure about it?”

“I don’t want to go back.” Don’t worry, because it’s not a thousand years beyond the chance of the canako. In addition, even if the canako is behind, it is not you, but Vanderou. Not related to pets, so don’t sandwich the mouth.”

That’s it. Other legion personalities can be a bad and unreal situation, even if the canako can’t imagine the scene behind Vanderou.

However, asagi does not believe how much it explains. In fact, the canako is backing them once and it is all for him.

I think that it is not necessary to earn credit because Kanako himself will not trust the thing that Asagiri is absolutely s rated. If you say that you are not related to it, please say in the direction.

In fact, Asagi is not the citizen of the Vidal Magic Empire, even if the Canaco is backed by Vanderou, there is no direct influence. This is "Ramda" even if she is backed by "Origin". There is no law to punish criminal acts, and there is no court. Asagiri does not have any evidence to sue her.

As long as it is defined as others in Vanderou, there is no muscle that can be put out.

“What is the city of Zakart? It’s the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum! You’ll have the right to make your mouth!”

So, asagi is the next topic I wrote in the letter. He was originally a slam city, and it was a good thing.

However, the daemons and undeads that were revived as a new resident are all called Vanderou, believed, trying to build the temple, and the statue is built.

Asagi learned the sense of crisis that Vandaloo revived and increased his supporters.

"It's a messenger. I noticed again when the sixth road caused the incident, but the use of the demons is a division and not a division. This is the terminal of Vanderou. Is it?

“Well, right, what did you do?”

“I don’t know how to do it.” Whenever you leave the magical king in town, you can see it all! Do you think this is horrible?

“I don’t understand what you’re saying, but it’s bad.”

Pluto could not understand theギ claims.

“Everyone can understand it?”

"Good"

」

"Happy! I can't feel bad!"

“What is your eyes?”

“I’m the same transsexual, but I can’t understand it.”

Ghost, Barbergar, Walkeley, Shade, and eyes change the personality that appears in the table, but there was no personality to understand the asagi claim.

You can’t understand what Vandalou has to do with. “How do people pray?” To the gods, ancestors and deceased brothers and lovers. What is the problem of God’s Vanderou?

Of course, the personalities that make up Legion understand that there are people who do not believe Vanderou as God. However, I did not know that there was a problem that such people could see Vandaloo.

In “Origin”, people were only monitored, but they were not aware of some exceptions such as their own.

Security Camera, Surveillance Camera, Personal Mobile Camera, Drive Recorder, Camera, and Satellite How hard did you feel when you were living in the world?

In fact, people in Tarosム do not remember the resistance and stress that anyone can see in the King. For those who are familiar with it, they are instead of mobile, media, and game consoles.

When you want to get in touch with your friends, say the name and message of your friend to the suspicious King. Then another messenger who is close to the friend tells the message.

If you want to know the recommended restaurants and events that were on the day, you can tell us how much.

If you want to talk at a time, you will be able to play the game. However, the board game is too weak, so it is easy to win.

The people of Talosム who think that Legion is too sweet are familiar with the demons. If Asagi develops a devastating movement using Tarothム, he may receive total scamps from the people, and in some cases it may be a bloody national and 。ence.

Is it possible to say that it is a danger? I cannot understand Legion.

On the other hand, asagi was surprised that the legion, including the eyes of the former [Burs], was not understandable to the personality of the composition. But Mari opened his mouth before he says something.

“In other words, Asagi has a sense of crisis in increasing the absolute supporters who always support themselves, regardless of the policies and behaviors that Vandalou has taken.

And in the "Earth" we want to say that it is dangerous to manage information managed by different companies, groups and individuals, for each security camera or mobile camera. That’s right?

In Mari, the original student who has been reborn from the "Earth" just like Asagiri, he says what he wants to say.

From Vandalou’s behavior, he is bound to become a distortion that has a strong surveillance system by the dictator.

In fact, when Mari saw the Talosムme, he was a distortion of her.

This is not only the Legion, but also the danger that most of the people living in this world have never experienced the information society. And Vandaloo will not be able to explain well even if he is asked.

“Yes.” Did you know?

"Yes, it's okay. “It’s not limited to Vandalou”

However, Mali knew it was the idea that it was seen from outside.

“Do you think Vandaloo doesn’t do that?”

“I don’t. I can't. In the first place, the background is different."

Vandaloo is not a national translation, even though he is trying to find a mad and absolute supporter.

There are many ways to increase supporters, but they don’t need to be crazy or cool.

However, if you take a little care, you only helped people who can help,。 a little care. As a result, it became a crazy and enthusiastic supporter.

Monitoring is also taken from monitoring goムs and undeads that were installed to protect their friends from in ders at first. Vandaloo continues to interact with the people since he became the king of Tarosム. So, I got the skills of [Full Recording] and recorded all the names and faces of the people.

Then, I reached Tarosム, a messenger who can react more quickly than goム and undead.

“So, do you think you’re going to be a dictator?”

“It’s okay because you don’t have to do that.”

Mali guaranteeed that he was not convinced even if he heard his explanation.

Vanderou does not cause rebels or cooldowns without affecting the people. The city features of Tarosム are almost dependent on Vanderou. It is possible to have the same effect even in mari and dwell that can use the dead attribute magecraft, but it is not possible to cover the necessary magic.

In the first place, the absolute supporters who are endangered by Asagiri do not recognize the managers other than Vanderou. They’re much more crazy than cedar.

“I don’t have to read the letter, because the explanation of the mari was easier to understand.

That’s the answer to the last question, but I’m not going to make democracy.

The most appropriate state form is a democratic state where human rights have been ensured for Asagiri who has a peaceful Japanese value of the Earth. “Ramda” He says that it is correct in any country in the world. And I believe that it is right to do so if it is a powerful position like Vanderou.

“If you’re a singer, you’re not going to be a dictator.  

However, democracy is a politic system that can be dictated by Vanderou.

If you are wondering, the nation supports him as much as Vandalu s es his huge gods even if he is against strong. Therefore, as long as Vandalou stands, he will vote to him unconditionally. Candidates other than Vanderou may not appear in the first place.

If Vandalou does not stand, it is not. You will be able to understand how much Vanderou thinks that the candidates are trying to appeal to the people, and you will be able to see what he wanted.

Or you may just void the elections across the public until Vanderou can stand.

In any case, Vanderou must continue to exist in the vertex in order not to distort the Vidal Magic Empire.

I was disappointed whether the cedar and ginger, which were explained from Pluto, were not known to them.

“Finally, a message from Vanderou.” There are other opinions on this page. No one believes to be supported. However, for me there is only one of the opposites.

And, please do the opposite movement in a way that is true to this world. ......If you join the Alda forces in the Duke of Fゾン, it will not be distinguished from other enemies.”

There are a number of people who object to Vandalou's attempt. They do not recognize Canako's live as music, but contrary to the presence of Zakart city, which is recognized as a new breed of Vida.

Asagiri is only one of those who did not have any troubles, and it is not the reason why it eliminates it. ......Unless you join the enemy of the Duke of Fゾン.

"...。" Tell Vanderou. I think of this world for a while.

I don’t know how much it was transmitted to Asagi, but I sat down. Tendou and shoko, who saw the appearance, shed breath for relief.

The mistake for Asagiri is that it was born and raised as a baby in the world of "Ramda" which is largely different from "Earth" and "Origin". Therefore, I missed the opportunity to learn the values of the world, and after that, I did not see other than two people together with the same changer, Tendou and Shoko, and I was late to notice the conflict with this world. However, I thought that this world is incorrect even if I noticed.

If you can correct it, you may have a little bit of trouble withウ and ginger.

However, it is one of the many others in this world unless you are involved in Vandaloo.

Next story will be posted on July 30th.