Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 13 Character Introduction

I can't 纏 it on one.

●Vandalu Arc Hill Willow Solda Zakart Dampil (Mother: Goddess) 12 years old Male

I entered the school of adventurer. Since Dalcia is an honorary Count, he is a noble brother.

In addition, Tamerルドld has also developed a strategy to recognize魔 rare new types of magic, such asゼンint andインine, and ultimately undead as “tameable magic.”

In addition, I received a bold invitation from the ghost residence and took the whole house as it was. That’s why the Royals who are in the heart of the Kingdom of Orbaum, such as the Terkatanis and the Dolmad Army were in trouble. However, it seems that there is no reason to buy the house as recommended by the real estate shop introduced as a recommended property.

In the entrance examination of the adventurous school, we succeeded in hiding the skill and showing the results. It was very nice.

“Origin” fights with six roads while defending the soul through the bander of the division, and it became an機会position if it was optimistic that the opportunity to be involved with “Origin” would be drastically reduced.

As a result of running a strategy that collapses the international order, it is said that the dwelling was protected as one of the worlds in the body. However, it was not computed to make a part of yourself a “God of Origin”.

For this reason, the opportunity to be involved with "ORIJEN" is not a drastic reduction, but it is always involved until the people of "ORIJEN" forget Vandalou.

The reason for this is that there is a cause to yourself who has descended in order to prevent the shock waves that Rokudo unscrupulously slaughtered the people of Origin. In addition, he was a dream of Sergey, who relayed Vandalou to the world.

That’s why it seems to be self-development, but it says, “It’s because of the sixth-way holy thing that made all of this awkward.” If you meet the next time, you should be able to do it in mind.

Now, with the eyes of dead fish, we are wary of receiving horrible mental。 such as "Let's make a group with friends" and "Let's make a group with friends".

In addition, Narumi Naruse (now Narumi Azumimiya), who had a pale longing when he was an Hakuto Tenmiya, has not yet felt anything. For Vandalou, she is worth it because she is a “me-you-you-haku mother”. Otherwise, she is the same as other re生ers who are not guided, such as bakers and Iwao, and she is the only existence that “when you do not die?”

For this reason, if Chengmi is not serious, it was also considered to carry out brain modification surgery. So, it was a good impression for him that Seimi showed a posture to wear children.

By the way, it is more stubborn against what he is human, and he feels quiet and crazy from him who claims it.

●Powvina Zakart Noble Oak Half 9 years old Female

The sister of Vanderou. To become a giant girl from a giant young woman, and to Orbaum to take an adventurer school together.

The gate has been suspicious, but since he is in the job, he enters the city and attracts attention from people.

In the entrance examination of the adventurous school, it is a little failure, and it shows superior grades than Vanderou, and succeeds in taking and winding the entangled aristocratic boy.

By the way, it seems that it became a different class from Vanderou.

●Miyako Tsuru Human 3 years old (4 years old) Female

To win the fight against the sixth road that aims for himself. However, because the bander did not show her a場面ible scene (under the bander criteria), the recognition that he was fighting was thin. I'm just a bad guy.

The ルdle against the undead is very low because I have seen the spirit since I was a baby. It is normal to look at the cata phic corpse that ordinary people think about. Now, you will try to undead the bander.

You can use the Death Attribute Magic because the conditions of mastering the Death Attribute Magic are met by Pruto. Then, I made an undead from the dead body of the experimental body that the six-way was disposable.

In addition, he wears a born [the fascination of dead attributes].

When I first encountered Vandalu, the main body of the bander, I thought that it was not a ロroロlo, and I rushed my hands to the mouth and pulled out the tongue. For her, Vanderou is usually ロroロ.

●Miyahiro Human Age 8 Male

The son of Hiroto Izumimiya, about six disciples of Bandaru. A boy magecraft who acquires an attribute magecraft and has the performance of a disguise, but releases [cannon].

Chito’s ability is the origin of the soul, so it’s not inherited from the parents, but it’s inherited by its demagical talent and physical abilities.

In addition to the protection and guidance from Vandalou and the extreme guidance of the bander (In the "Origin", a common sense educator does not teach the attack magic to the child), the talent is blooming quietly.

I don’t like studying, but I don’t have a bad head. Just like playing more than studying.

Also, it is a relatively common sense, and it is often used to add a link to the bander (Vanderou). However, even if you put it from the beginning, there is a thing that you can not put it.

However, when I started to move, it was a specification of defence that turns into a horror-like monster. The design is not a magical bullet, but a cannon is released. In the fl。 battle, he is a martial arts secretion, and the guardian of the Sherman wins the artificial spirit built for combat.

Therefore, there is no complain about the performance. There is no complaint.

It seems that I was not blessed with my friend at school, but I can get along with my father’s friends such as Ullika, Joseph, and Gaエルel.

●Joseph Smith Human Men

A person who has a code name of [Druid], who was mentally recovered by led to Vanderou. From the rapid recovery and the frequency of entering and entering the villa, it was judged to be in contact with "w。 to be in the villa" (Banda) and was wary.

As a result, I was aimed at [Sleepneil], but I succeeded in re ing with the cooperation of the堂 and the Shichimori, which were led by the same, and the special mold passed down from the bander.

In addition, it is equipped with a distortion gear, and it is special made not only for body suit but also for helmet and manto. It is a design that stimulates shyness.

After solving the incident, I chose to support Mr. Azumimiya’s wife.

●Urica Skatchio Human Female

Reincarnation with the codename of Echo. A beautiful woman who is tall and dignified in Scandinavian, but actually is the owner of a delicate heart that is easy to hurt, and he has suffered the spirit through the activities of [Bevers].

Symptoms are more severe than josev, so the drug is indispensable to go out.

However, after the three-year-old celebration, I encountered Vandaloo and brought it back by the led. Even if there is no medicine now, it is cured to a little panic.

However, because it maintains the spirit by depending on the bander (Vandalou) and the dwelling, it may not change much as the condition of the eye is sick.

[Echo] can reflect the attack received. It may be easy to image if you think that it is a force that can reflect  around you. In fact, it is not possible to bounce by taking it, so it is possible to bounce it even if it is a high power attack in theory, whether it is aネーnade or 衛星, even on the satellite track.

However, it is not possible to bounce the poisonous substance that is not going to the target such as poison gas.

After the incident, I moved to “Ramda” with Puriya Hiroshi, but I was threatened by the crisis of idols debut by Kanako and some princess who have not yet encountered.

Vanderou is a 綱派, but it is hard to think if two people stop strongly.

●Shihoin Truth Human Female

A woman who was a member of [Bevers] with the code name of [Metamorph]. After being washed by the sixth sacrifice, he was given the code name of "Black Maria" to the experimental body of the death attribute study.

It was dispatched to kill Kanto Azumimiya, using the dead-type magic that was obtained instead of losing other attribute magic. At that time, it was led to Vandalu and it was s。rated. [Kutseijin] Dahron was also a monitoring agent of the experiment. The team who was dispatched to the sixth road before the stormy day came to Japan completely destroyed with fellow experiments.

As a result of the experiment, I won the Death Attribute Magic, but the magical power is only about 30,000, and I can’t make the Undead (including Goム) because I don’t have the same charm as the Sixth Road. And I don’t know [Unattributed Magic].

Therefore, it is weaker than before experiment.

However, the six-way lost his ego by brainwashing with magecraft and drugs, and led to Vanderou transformed the spirit, and it became possible to think and act directly with the soul rather than the brain, so [Metamorph] was changed only to the same human.

It is possible to replicate the parts of the important organs such as the brain and the heart, and prevent death by preparing a spare head, the heart, and the lung in advance even if it is damaged in the head or chest.

Dangerous sensing: By術 with the magecraft of death, you can protect yourself from assassination such as sniper.

However, the material that makes the spare part is her own body, so please keep making it infinitely. In the case of the whole head, two times are limited unless the water is sandwiched.

However, now she can think directly with her soul, so she can continue to survive more than a few hours if she can do bleeding even if the brain is largely damaged.

In addition, it is a matter of time that she chooses to migrate to “Ramda” herself wants and mutates from humans, so it seems to overcome any of these downsides.

Also, like Ullika, the hand of the canako's magic stretches, but now I'm going to participate because it is convenient to solve with other Vanderlus friends.

By the way, the appearance of the appearance of the appearance of the appearance of the second half of the teen to the twenty-year-old is changed by [metamorph].

In addition, her magical power was about 30,000 when mastering the Death Attribute Magic, and the rise of the magic was less than when the sixth road was transferred to "Arc Avalon". She was treated as alive, but the sixth road was reborn once.

By the way, she called “Mama” in Azumimiya, but because she reconstructed the spirit in the form of a dead mother whose personality was strong before disintegration.

I understand that Plu is a real mother, a mother, and a separate person, but the fact that it is called "mama" in her is not contradictory.

●Yukijoro Human late teen women

Asian women, but 。ically white skin. As a result, one of the experimental bodies collected for the study of the dead attributes of St. Rokudo, it became possible to freeze other people by cold air.

The ability to create a cold air to deprive the temperature of the subject, rather than操ing ice and cold air itself. For this reason, it is possible to cool the organism and freeze the water that does not contain the organism. ......If you touch some organisms, you can cool them in生物s, and water containing small bacteria and plankton in liquid can be frozen, so it may be a little different.

In addition, she has more features than her ability to never freeze and die. This is not free because it simply does not die because of hypothermia or body freeze.

If she is 。ped in the freezer and frozen, she will keep alive.

Of course, if you are physically struck with ice, you will be injured, and if you are crushed into roses after frozen.

It is not a weak point of flame or heat separately. The resistance to heat is the same as people.

He was guided by Vandalu who met with a dream, and he worshiped Vandalu as “Gods” and “Holy Woman”. However, there are no感情s to Mr. Azumimiya, the parents of the dwelling. I'm not going to cause troubles from myself. However, I don’t feel that I need to be intimate. In other words, it is handled as a person whose name matches the face.

The six-way experimental body similar to “the eighth guide”, but unlike “the eighth guide”, there is no negative feeling about stinging on “the undead” which is the predecessor of Vanderou.

It is because it is Vandaloo who helped them.

Vandalou himself may have hated Yukijoro’s lives, even if he was hated. However, there is no such thing in practice, and Yukijoro is also pronounced because it was "how I can do it" for the individual.

......There is a situation where the fight against the sixth road is approaching, and there is a situation that it was not a case.

However, it is not possible to trust [Bevers] other than those who are guided by Vanderou, such as Joseph. If they are competent, I think that it should be able to realize what the Rokudo holy is doing behind.

●Bogall Human Teen Male

A boy in the late teen who teaches glasses. The exact age seems to be uninterested by the person.

One of the experimental bodies of the Death Attribute Research of the Six-way Holy, the effect of brain remodeling disappeared from smile. In addition, feelings other than pleasure are diluted in the feelings of楽.

The limited Death Attribute Magic obtained by him is [proliferation] and [promotion], it seems to be [life attribute magic]. In fact, similar magecraft is also in [Life Attribute Magic].

However, [proliferation] and [promotion] of bocole are the result of fasting the life of the target.

organisms are born, grown, stolen and die. Bocall’s magecraft is faster to grow and proliferate.

Awesome magecraft, but long life...It takes time to get effective when targeting large animals, people, trees, etc. Therefore, Gaエルel often takes a method of killing enemies as a result for parasites, microorganisms, cancer cells, etc. 仕 into the target. (When used in the plant of JOSEF, it was the first temporary life that was maintained by the cheet ability, so there was a magic effect)

It is possible to use magic to yourself in emergency situations and to raise your physical skills. However, it is not necessary to be chased by myself because it will be able to cut the life of yourself.

Because the code name is a priest of Buddhism, it is positioned as a priest who believes in Vandalu and Pluto, so there are many other words.

In addition, it is hard to unite with friends to stop wearing a man-made spirit approaching Yukijoro.

●Gaエルel Human First Half Bisexual

A beautiful girl or a beautiful girl with a neutral impression. Actually, neither bisexual.

It was originally two brothers and sisters of twins. Although it is bioval, its appearance and physique are similar, and the genes that can be adapted to each other's organs were made to one by six directions.

Although it was an experiment to create a prototype of "Arc Aberon", the surgery that should be said to be a monster of Frankenstein using a living twins succeeded in the form that the sixth way did not expect.

Gaエルel, who revived in one body, has a memory of both twins, but the personality is not a brother or sister, and is integrated into one of Gaエルel.

This is because surgery was done before the puberty established by ego. ......If the surgery is a few years later, it may have become a multi-personal condition.

Limited Death Attribute Magic obtained as a by-product of the experiment is [Conception]. The object that generates parasites, microorganisms, and cancer cells made by magic in the body of the target. Because it is made with magecraft, what is the body that all parasites, pathogens, and cancer cells do not work? However, it depends on whether it continues to grow even after it has occurred. It takes time.

Therefore, if you do not pair it with a bocole, it is not effective immediately.

It is very close to the age, and it is very good with the Expo. In the age, Gaエルel is older, but because it was supervised by the research institute, it is actually a lot of things.

●Jyodo Masaki Human Men

Reincarnation with the code name of Zantmann. He has the ability to capture and stop the consciousness of the organisms within the range of around 100 meters, and to make a dream come true. When I was an international rescue team, I continued to sleep injured and sick.任務ing the tea, it is often taken up by the mission to protect and transfer injured wildlife.

From the change of nature to the組織orist organization, we often use the abilities to the圧orist and armed forces, and simply fight using magic and physical abilities. However, he did not have a cata、phic spect、 like Josev and Shichimori, and he lost his spirit to fight for life.

Even if you kill it, you can remember the innocentness of the fight against orism that won’t end even if you fight, and everything felt like a waste, and it became a suicide desire.

However, he encountered Vanderlus with a dream. Actually, except for the first encounter, it is a魂 of the soul of Vandaloo, which was attached to his soul.

After repeating the question, he came to cooperate with JOSEF, who had returned to the answer, “I think that the crime and、orism will end is a mistake.”

Then, after the incident of Rokudo-san, I chose to leave it for a while.

●Nanamori Misato Human Female

Reincarnation with the code name of [Askrepios]. A cure magic expert has the effect of [aクレlepios] to a。ify its effect, and if you do not die, you can take a life.

However, because of its power, it is often driven by a disaster site, an incident site, a wild hospital, etc., and it has a deep scratch to continue to see the景ible scene, but it is necessary to go out to the site because it will abandon the person who was helped by him if he refuses the task for the reason. I lost my mind in such an environment, and I fell down.

However, I encountered Vandaloo with a dream and recovered like Joseph by led. In addition, the effect of [Aクレpios] can be demonstrated in the repair of an organism.

I chose to stay in "Origin" for the collection and reconstruction of the incident caused by Rokudo St. That’s why it’s going to be a magical hand to invite you to the idle debut. A good person for luck.

●Cergey Dalant Human Age: 408 Male

The current president was the former general of the United States who maintains a tight body. A meaningful merit who made a part of the god of "Origin". and the hidden savior of the nation.

Originally, it was an ordinary エリート army and a loved one. However, when he was a young son, he was assisted by Pluto, who was acting as “the eighth lead”.

However, there was no authority to interfere with the strategy, not the generals, when the "guide of the eighth" was destroyed. I was worried about how to prioritize myself as a military person and myself as a believer. It is also a reason why the Prutoes did not try活動orism activities to believers, but the opposite thing was because Sergey did not step into action at that time.

As a result, “The Guide of the 8th” will be destroyed and Sergey will be repented. After a few years, Vandalou and Pluto came to life.

A ning as a believer led by a dream. In order not to follow the same rut as the time of the “導きding of the eighth”, we increased the cooperator to the inside of the army in preparation for the coming. In the face of the face, whether you are aiming for the next presidential election, or going to be a Senator, rumored by various rumors, the information was disturbed, the investigation agency, and the result, the eyes of the six roads.

Then, when the Vice President commanded a attack on a bander, he ran a coolder. And the first job that was appointed as the president is the main character of the box garden, and then he commands to relay the appearance of Vandaloo, which was only the soul.

The first job is in a opaque state, whether it is really used at the planning stage. However, due to the second work, a person who is lost in the United States continued, and then a person who supports the new president has greatly increased.

If he didn’t take action, the whole nation was very likely to have been attacked by the command of the Vice-President, and Vandalou was also one of the keymans of the world of “Origin” because it was not part of “God of Origin”.

In the future, I think that I will be working with [バー Bars] and I will be able to pick up the incident caused by the sixth road.

●Damplip Elf Over 300 Male

Randolph I was infiltrated as a rudolph of a blue hair elf遊, but I left out from there and went to the original life ... but after receiving a request from the old familiar, I encountered Vandaloo again.

I became an adventurer to regain my hometown, but I lost my dreams and dreams because I didn’t cooperate with anyone, including the elf of the hometown.

In addition, he is guided by Kanako’s ge、 rather than Vandaloo, and is added to one of the people who respect her.

●Melilis Elf: 200 years old Female

Elf’s women, who are the principal of the Orbaum preliminary school, a school of adventurer who has special qualities in Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of choice.

It’s not the same as Randolph, but it’s an old-fashioned adventurer. After re ement of the adventurer, he bought his skills and knowledge and became the principal.

Since the order of birth was delayed, the three men of the aristocratic who can not inherit the family, daughters and common children of the end of the conの, and adventurers who are difficult to use for the political marriage, the children of the knight who want to learn foil, etc. will be enrolled as a student, so it has a strong view to the nobles of the kingdom.

One of the people who know the past of Randolph and can contact him even after he re。ed. In the past, there was a physical relationship with the lover, but it was not married.

However, I think that it is more than a friend, and it seems that I was thinking about something about Randolph.

●Hiroto Ikemiya Male

6The leader of the “Origin” world, which was saved from the crisis of death. However, because the number 2 of the organization is the leader of the incident, it is not Antai.

Of course, as the sixth road cooperated with the presidents and vice versa of each country to cause the incident, it seems that only the responsibility of the Rain Palace is not questioned, but it is likely that the waves will continue in the future [バー Bars] and [Origin].

He is forced to overcome forces with the President Sergey Dalant and the remaining members of [Bevers].

The death attribute was defined as "do not exist", but it is not because it is a sacrifice to the experiment to produce the research and use of the dead attribute, and the death attribute is not wicked. Therefore, we do not have an idea to eliminate the experimental body or use that has already been disturbed.

By the way, if the cheet abilities given to him and the six-way were opposite, the six-way would be the leader of the [バー Bars], and it would be a peaceful [宮 Bars] to demonstrate his ability as an administrative and operator to assist it. ()ing Vanderou)

Hisー ability is [Defensive Force I。re], [All Attributes Eligibility] (。ing Death and Time Attributes), [Uncensed Simultaneous Multiple Occurrence], [Undestructive Power], [Steel Spirit], [Fortune Enhancement], [Performance Enhancement]. However, the three main uses are [Defensive Force I re], [All Attribute Fitness], and [Uncensored Simultaneous Multiplayer].

The power of distortion is the so-called fire field of deer power, and even if the power is on the bottom, it can stand up.

The spirit of steel is able to act without mental influence. Therefore, even if you experience a severe battle, you will not be able to get seriously scratched.

[Lucky Enhancement] is the ability to strengthen the fortune given by the re生ers. For this reason, he is often blessed with more luck than others.

[Performance enhancement] is the ability to enhance the performance of goods used by the owner of this ability. When he uses it, the gun of the sifty caliber decreases the power of the sifty caliber and the rebounds of the sifty caliber. Also, there is a lot of effect of thisー ability.

I agreed to leave the Expo in Vanderou because it was very limited to the safe place for the Pluto and Expo in the future.

●Miya Seimi Human Female

【Angel】A woman of a member with a code name. Exposition and Plu  Mother.

At the same time, I noticed that there was a bander at home at the end of the sixth road, and I jumped around the world in a short time, and I learned that the bander's body is an Hakuto Tengu, but I didn't have time to think because I didn't like to talk with the bander himself.

As a bender, it was very troublesome and natural treatment to be shaken by not going down before the battle.

The。s to her Hiroto Amami have become memories. It is the beginning of the friendship with the husband, Kanko Izumimiya, so I remember. Therefore, it was shocking to encounter with bander and vanderou.

However, because there was no reason to be able to be discouraged or disappointed especially for Kanto Azumimiya. (The first time, Kanto Azumimiya was lying before marriage.) There is no influence on the bonds of the couple. And there will be no day-dra-like thing that the bander (Vandalou) will tell you how to do the things of their couple.

In addition, she and Hiroto are said to be "to talk later" from the bander, but after all I can't talk.

●Derrick Sander Human Men

A white man who seems to be hot from seeing, having a matching body.

A resident born in the United States with the code name of [Kay Loan]. Has the ability to improve learning ability and promote target growth.

Although I was a high school teacher in the "Earth", I continued to have a sense of responsibility for the students unlike Murakami. However, I had a certain distance because it is an individual of the same age in the present world.

Before I went to Ever Bars, I had a gym trainer, and I had to live in a way that I didn’t know much while earning my income using theト skills such as successful customer diets.

After entering [Bevers], I usually go back to the back, and after mastering the skills and knowledge that I can teach to others, I was a teacher of rescue groups and police officers in other countries.

However, it is not weak to Derrick himself, but it has the ability to perform a few steps above the regular 鋭 troops.

From the sixth saint, the cheet abilities are similar, and from the fact that it can be used to others rather than oneself, and the cheet albeit intentionally distracted from the stage, but the principal does not realize at all.

Let's take a look at the character of the distance. In addition, there is a strong network of rescue teams and police members in each country because the sixth road continued to turn back.

In the sixth and his death, I will probably be active as a trunk.

●Rokudo St. Human → God → Ex-God Male

Aberon is one of the members of [Bevers] who have the code name of [Bevers], and it has a strong underneath the rim that has continued to reach the rainy palace from the time of formation. With the ability of [learning speed rise] and [growth limit invalid], fighting without cheet abilities, and magical arms are also competed in [腕 Bars].

However, it is rare to go out to the front, and the leader of the指揮dow, who conducts practical work and information wars of [Bevers], but in fact, it was a black curtain that had been obsessed with the Death Attribute Magic Research and backed by fellows.

I removed my colleagues such as [supervisors] and [urs], and when I listened to myself, I moved to the front of the rain palace, and I continued research on the magecraft of the dead attribute.

When I was in the "Earth", I was a true person and a superior person, but I was taken from a young age with the desire to be special. However, I thought it would be impossible in the "Earth", and I was trying to be satisfied because it would be special to reach myself.

However, by Rodo Corte, I think that it will be true special because it has been reborn with the cheet ability to "Origin". However, the ability acquired by oneself is "It becomes stronger if you do it" and it was a nature that is difficult to confirm whether or not of ability objectively, it is not special as a , but I tried to be satisfied by becoming a powerful力dow of [ヒーロー Bars] to操e the rain palace who became a宮.

However, by knowing the existence of the dead attribute, I believe that if I get this magic, I will be the only special existence in this world.

For the purpose of this product, we have been忍耐 躍butors and cooperators while maintaining the face of the table for years. However, there is a non-human way to achieve the purpose, which is used without hesitation. It is used for human body experiments received by Gaエルel experiments and the same reincarnation.

On the other hand, it seems that there was a relationship of trust with the subordinates such as a faithful and competent guardian Yukisuke. The guardians were killed to make their own power during the battle, but for the sixth road, they were not “delayed” but “I made it to be more power”.

He believes that he exists in the vertices because he aims to be special, and all other things are under his own. The idea seems to have been stronger than ever because of the change from human to God.

In the process of obtaining the Death Attribute Magic, the device that I thought that it is necessary to revitalize again acts as a reincarnation system, so it changes to God.

It is reborn on the body with no hair.

The fighting force is high, and if the opponent was only a Kanto Izumimiya, it would have been overwhelmed. However, the bander also turned to the enemy at the same time.

It is saved before the soul is crushed by Rodo Corte, and now it is in the fist of Rodo Corte with the guardian.

In addition, there was a distribution of [Night] Nabeshima, [One Dimension] Yazaki, [Altemis] Catherine Mirror, [Kutseijin] Dar、, [Copy] Keno Iguchi.

There are many things that are not true to the gods of the world, but he is the first human to God in the world of origin. It is inevitably said that the god of "Ramda" with different physical laws.

●Kyosuke Moriya Human Men

Reincarnation with the code name of [Shaman]. His secretary role was ripe under the sixth lane.

A person who has been intoxicated with Rokudo St., and wanted to see the arrival of a new world at the top of Rokudo St. I believe that the world is saved, and I don’t doubt it.

Even if you die, even if you were killed by the hands of the six-way owner, the loyalty is not swaying, and you choose to follow the six-way sanctuary without being fasc。 by the splendid, reaching the area of madness.

It was not because the sixth road had the [the fascination of the dead attribute], but the guardians pledge to him from the beginning.

When the Rokudo died and the soul is collected to Rodo Corte, the soul of Nabeshima and Yazaki, which are coworkers and colleagues, is 。ed by Vandalou, but Moriya was safely recovered with Rodo.

Now he is in the fist of Rodo Corte with the soul of the sixth way.

●Jony Yamaoka Human Men

Reincarnation with the code name of [Barol]. It was thought that it was a faithful and silent person to the mission, taking the distance with the members of [Bevers], which was mainly including the sixth road.

The owner of the cheet ability to transform the deprived energy into his own magic, including electricity, heat, exercise, magic, and any energy.

The code name of the barole was given to the figure where the target was deprived of energy is crawling.

In addition, the fighting ability is high even if you do not use theー skills, so that you can win the battle with the tank and the fl、. However, as soon as the energy was deprived, the brain was invaded by the [The Nerve of the Devil] while living, and the information such as the six-way holy, this strategy, the card PIN was squeezed and died.

After that, I used a credit card of my name to the bander, so I got a misinformation saying “The righteousness of the alien is Johnny Yamaoka!” and became a期 in unexpected ways.

It seems that this error information is still flowing between the general public.

●Yoshihiko Nishikagami Human Men

Member of [Bevers] with the code name of [Sleep Neil]. In order to shoot down the transporter of Derrick and Joseph, he ran on the latest 国 in the United States, but the tragic end of the tragic era of the技 and Shichimori to prevent the missile and survive the mold by Joseph.

In addition, there are no criminals who were supposed to be sent to the South America as they were picked up. It is a false mission to put them on the transporter.

A person who has the ability to take out the performance of the rider more than you can, and if you turn to "Ramda", you will be able to act as a tamer.

The previous job is a racer. I challenged Rodeo, but I was blown away from the saddle as I demonstrated the ability of the cow more than I can. After that, I decided not to ride the beef.

●S浦ura Seven Night Human Men

Member of [Bevers] with the code name of [Ales]. Like Iwao and baker, I was dressed with a close member of Izumimiya Kannon, but it was actually one of the faithful distributions of Rokudo Sei.

In addition to experiments such as Black Maria, Gaエルel, Yukijoro, and Bokol, the Katherine Miller of Artemis and Der  of Kusseijin, he stings his stops in the team. Aimed at the perfect strategy to kill Kannon.

However, “Black Maria” is the true story of Shiho-in, and the strategy comes back to water bubbles by working with other experimental bodies, and he is defeated before Gaエルel and Bocole’s cooperative work.

A person who has the ability to double the power of magic and weapons that have been released.

●Orlock Twice Male 58 years old

The ルドld master of the Taymarルドld headquarters of the Central Orbaum. It’s a very friendly and thoughtful person now, but when he was young, he was active as a new tailor and adventurer, and he said, “This is why the いld’s great!”

However, as you age, when you get a job in ルドld, you can understand that you are in ルドld because you are in ルドld. It was a report of Vandaloo that he was brought to him after his age.

In addition, the peat and pine that became smaller in the later rank 1 mage are also brought into the ルドld and asked for an appraisal.

He is an organization who knows the hardship of the upper layer of the ルドld, but at the same time he understands that the ルドld is present for the union members, and to protect the union members of the aristocrat and the actor who put the 癖ed habit, he is also eager to interact with the Royal aristocrat. For this reason, the desire from staff and tailors is thick.

When he came to Orbaum as a genius taymer, he was inevitable for him.

●Je-Turbo Male 37 years old

The kingdom of Orbaum is the head of the Count of Jerturbo, one of the so-called foreign aristocratic aristocratic aristocratic aristocratic aristocratic aristocratic aristocratic aristocratic aged from five to ten years to the Foreign Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Earth.

In the Baangaia continent where the Orbaum Kingdom is selected, there is only the Amid empire and its home country, which is the enemy country since the home country.

However, it is not completely absent because there are国s with each Duke and exchanges with countries outside the continent.

In that case, the Count Jetbo of the current foreign servant is not as agile, but not innocent. Because it is a common sense even in a good or bad way, the stomach hurts to the behavior of the so-called aristocrat and the Makai nobles, which 騒 up to the big changes in the Kingdom of Orbaum.

It is a good idea to get out of peace until the term of office is over, but it is a pleasure to say that it would be a supple wish, because the Duke of Alcrem is intrinsically reforming.

We will post the introduction of the character on June 11, and we will start the chapter on June 19.

In the Saga Forest 4th Anniversary Fair starting on June 13th, you will receive a special offer including the SS of my work! There are different benefits available depending on the store you purchase, so please check the Saga Forest official website for details of the fourth fair.