Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 345: A slightly more mysterious teacher

I'm sorry.

《【Magic power always recovery】,【Super-reinforcement】,【Magic purification】,【Reinforcement of life】,【Capacity enhancement】,【Reinforcement】,【Alchemy】,【Surgery】,【Appearance】,【Surgery】,【Surgery】,【Reinforcement】,【Psychology erosion】,【Maze Creation】

[All capacity enhancement] a】ned to the skill!

While looking for a six-way sanctuary, Vandaloo was going to an adventurer school. Of course, the person who feels dist ed of it, and the person decided to put his s into words.

“Isn’t going toつもり now?”

“Are you a good person?”

“...I didn’t think you were suspicious.”

The movement of Vandalu took a few seconds to say that Meolilis was so息. However, I moved again a few seconds later.

“I think it is rude to respected principals.”

“No, I don’t think I’m suspicious about trust and that’s what it means.” Is it so respectful?

“I’m respectful.”

I'm a foreign  and pauvina level, but I don't have a problem, but I'm a good teacher, I'm a well-カリキュラムed族, and I'm a noble.

Vandaloo was aimed at a certain respect for the principal of the school, Meolilis. If you have your own control ability like her, know-how and politics of organizational management, you can get a certain result even if you are a cata phic像 of the construction of a large statue before the convention. I think.

"But I don't have enough units to、. It should be this September as soon as possible to have the necessary units."

However, this is another thing. The adventurous school is a unit system, and it is not possible to graduate if there is no necessary unit. This program is not an exception.

“No, it’s right... it’s an emergency.” If I turn my hand,

"。 teacher, it is not good. System and procedures are important.

“...I don’t think you’re saying the importance of the system or procedure.”

“The principal teacher, I don’t deceive the system or procedures.” We use the system, procedures, and rules.

Vandalou has made use of Taymar ルドlds, adventurers ルドlds, and some of the rules of this city’s preliminary school, and some laws of the Kingdom of Orbaum. However, if there is no rule or law itself, it can not be used. If not available, conversely, it is impossible to acknowledge the existence of Isen and Silky because it is not prohibited by rules and laws.

A lawless society is more convenient than a society where law and order exist.

“I don’t have to make an example without any meaning.”

"No, but the existence of the six-way sacrifice is going to do something using the 片fact of the 、gue?" I have also entered the battle with the 走rant [the 片fact of the 、gue], but the number of 片facts collected by the six-way sacrifice is more than ten.

What is this not an emergency?

“It’s an emergency when it comes to emergency, but it’s an emergency that you can deal with even if you don’t have it.”

“It’s not an emergency?” I want to deal with school things without worrying about it.

It's okay. I don’t go to school and I don’t have to go to school.

“What’s it?”

"Meorilis, give up." I'm not going to graduate.

The third person in the principal’s room, “True” and “Randolph” are the same repeated conversation. Meoriris gave up when he gave it.

"... I was originally going to be in the Middle Ages, but I still know."

“If you’re going to graduate, you’re talking about it.” Is it really okay?

Vandalu was nodded as “Of course.”

Although it is not completely indispensable, you can deal with the same level even if you are not studying. I'm doing this now.

In the middle of the word, Vandalou made a small demons before the look of Randalufs.

"What??"

The right hand side is different and becomes a veins. As it is, the skin changes to the hard outer skeleton, so that the bino  is pushed out from the inside. And when the upper part of the veins is ripped, the wings of the shape similar to the tambo were born, they jumped up and separated from the vandaloo.

“This way, I’m working away from my mates, like a messenger.”

“So I don’t have to take a lecture or practice, so I don’t change.”

In Vandalou, the name of the King of Memorlis and Randruff convinced that the face color is worse.

"I see, I'm working on a part of the body separated by the [remote operation] and [parallel thinking] skills?"

“Is it OK?”

"Oh, there is a thing that you can see something similar. I didn’t think it could be the same for humans.”

In fact, the skill of [group operation] and [group thinking] was 醒ed from the skill of Randolph, so Vandaloo decided to talk without correction. ......This is not false, but I think it is to continue conversation smoothly.

“But I don’t have to be completely indispensable.”

“I can’t say that I don’t have a dead person or injured person.” The damage of the building

"Nobody wants it." I don’t know what you’re doing, but it’s true that you’re not at least in the Kingdom of Orbaum.

Well, in the system, there is a disciple of the aristocrat of the Duchess of Alcム..."

"The head is under Terkatanis Dazaikaku. It is impossible to say that he is responsible for the son of the Honorary Count"

From Vandalu and Dalcia, only the part that talks about the terkatanis, which is acting as St. Rokudo and his limbs, has been surprising and sought for cooperation, Meolilis and Randluf have promised to work together.

The suggestion of adopting a samurai armor made by the samurai of Terkatanis was also delivered to the ears of Meoriris, and two knew that Vanderou is not just the one. In addition, Vandalou had a letter of the Arkurem and the Duchess of Jahan when he requested cooperation.

At that time, Meolilis and Randruff have realized that Orbaum will be destroyed. No matter how small the damage can be suppressed, the castle is destroyed. I thought that there would be no damage to the surrounding important facilities and senior aristocratic districts.

That’s it, the impact of the danger person who is trying to con y with a large amount of [Witch King’s Flaw] was large.

If you are running, you can be sure to deal with it. Even if a single piece is run all at once in a separate place, Orbaum has more than the A-class adventurer, such as Meolilis, in addition to Randolph. There will be many deaths, but there will be no damage to the entire city.

However, what happens if multiple [De片s of the King] 融合s in the state of fusion? For two or three, Randruff has experience of defeating the host of the tra。 fragments and sealed. However, it is unknown if it is a number that exceeds 10 lightly.

It should be considered to be a strong enemy than the devastated evil god revives.

I would like to express my gra。 to Mr. Méorilis, Dr. Dandrip. In a few days, there may be something happen because it is ready to find out where the sixth road is infiltrating.

Thank you for your understanding.

Vandalu said that he was just made, and he was absorbed by two people. Let’s stop making in front of people who are not familiar with it. I left the office of Meolilis.

Randlph

I know. Vandalou's use wizard, it's made of "the wizard of the wizard"

Randolph saw that Vandalou made the demons of the King of the Magic are made. Normal use: The presence of the demons is too different from the existence of the demons, such as suspicious life bodies created using magical power and catal s, and wrought to share five senses to normal organisms and follow instructions.

“But it’s totally different from the tra、 that we’ve ever seen. The maze of the maze is a maze. In panic, the parent ... look for other [片] and scream and scream.

Vandaloo showed me [the missing of the magical King] was not 走。. I'm calm and I'm not looking for anything."

Randolph said the impression that it was compared to the use demons made by Vandalu and [the missing of the magic king] that was in the runaway state that he had seen before.

However, there is no basis for me. I don't know if I'm using it.

“No, it’s not like Randolph.” I want to hear about Vandalou when I’m going to beat the Randolph, not a dド lip.

「…………」

For meorilis, Randolph, who was disguised by a dド drip, s。ed his eyes from her. That’s why Vandaloo and his friends, who have been in this room, are still thinking about him as “Dundrip”.

“... I’m just waiting for my students to see my transformation. “It’s important for students to come out of the course.”

“Randolph, I don’t know why it’s not named after it.”

Randolph, which was immediately neglected, was pushed and silenced.

"... Even if you leave the body silent separately, there will be no obstacles. “I don’t need to say my thing to Vanderou”

The Duchess of the unofficial alliance with Vandalou have an unfamiliarity with the Landoruf. In particular, I met the Duke of Alcrem about a year ago, so if you look at the face of Dr. Dandrip, you should be aware of it.

“No, no, no, no need or need, and the duches simply don’t know, or they’re just avoiding what they say. I think you are

However, it was impossible to say Randolph. Both Duke also knows how to contact the face of Randruff and him.

However, I don’t know where Randolph is now. If you don’t know the name or face of the dandrip of a temporary teacher working at a preparatory school, it is a problem before you can see that it is the same person as Randolph.

Of course, if you want to check it, you can check it. If you were looking for Vandalou, you might have noticed it.

However, even if you notice, the Duchess may not be clearly taught against Vandalou because they know that Randaluf himself does not want to be blown by his own thing.

“Oh, I think it is necessary even if I think about it. Orbaum’s Survival

"It's so far. Contact Us However, it may be a little. How do you ask the teacher of the school who is going to Vanderou? For example, Dr. Dandrip, who is responsible, may say,

“I think I’m thinking about it.” ......But, do you feel like you are waiting for me to ride?

“I didn’t feel like that, but I should say it from myself even if I don’t really know it.”

It would be complicated before I have been not involved with the temple for many years."

Randolph is a secretist because he re、es the adventurer, but he says he should not be involved in God or temple. He does not pray to God and does not follow the doctrine of God. It is the same as that of Peria, the mother of Elf, and Vida.

That’s why Vandaloo is a person who wants to take a distance if it’s not.

“I don’t hate God again, but I don’t hate it.” A man who forces others to protect the doctrines of God who prays, but he knows that they are not.

However, since I know that it will be a troublesome thing later, I only have to take the two steps.”

Even if the people know that the Randolph rises due to the recent crisis, nothing will happen on the spot. However, if you are able to pick up the situation, you will be able to say something that is troublesome to him. It is also from those who have authority and financial strength in the Kingdom of choice.

“True” Randolph came to Vanderou, whose principle is Vanderou, whose name is Zakart. It is politically moving.

You may think about the crisis of the big city of Orbaum, and what you say when you can not be a crisis of the whole Kingdom of Choosing... The more small the damage, the more the expectation comes to reality.

“I know the importance of politics. However, if you keep secret, you may not be able to do it at unexpected timing. “We should be able to get cooperation in hiding the correct body, just for a few people.”

"Hmm... I'm just like you say. However, I want to go to the muscles before clarifying the correct body to Vanderou. I apologize to the teacher for the teaching.

"Oh, you, Kanako? The Duchess of Jahan, the Duchess of Alcム, and the latter Taymarルドld are building the theater, and the theater is scheduled to be performed by a s。ptor.

Randolph, what do you think, is it in love with the Kanako teacher?

“I don’t have such a translation.” If you have a daughter in the Netherlands, Kanako is older than his daughter.

It is difficult to understand the age of elf, ranch, meorilis, and dark elf. However, it can be guessed by elf or dark elf.

In the sense of Randolph, Kanako is a perennial recognition, and it is respected, but it is not recognized as an opposite sex. ...... Actually, the age is far from the grandparents.

。 Have you heard something strange?

“No, there is a sense of self-in。. I didn’t make mistakes. So, I have the following lectures.

On the back of the Randolph, meorilis says,

The dark elf, called Kanako, may be a guide. I think I can understand that I put in front of you."

"A music conductor?" If so, it might be a good idea to rent your power."

At that time, Mr. Kanako was in the theater, which was built under the warehouse of the city area owned by Tamer。ld.

“I told me that I made it in the morning, but I really wanted to make it.”

The voice of the Kanako sounds in a galan space, but there is nothing.

“Well, it’s amazing that you can just make it. It seems to be faster than di  the ground from scratch. However, it is likely that Van and Paulvina will be graduating because it should not be trimmed the interior.

“Is it really going to perform?”

I was surprised by the master of Taymarルドld and Orlock. His deceased crystal elder bear ... I was surprised that the crystal-like crystals from the body were also surprised.

“I thought the theater is a famous evacuation center in the time of a refuge...”

Like the Randolphs, Orlock, who was taught about Rokudo St., promised to cooperate with the creation of shelters in case of large damages such as the 片lamation of Rokudo St.

At this time, it is a mystery that Terkatanis will continue to contact the Sixth Road, but it is not convenient to know the predecessor. So I thought I would like to make a theater to hide the purpose of the evacuation center.

Previously, “How do I operate a theater or a物 house that makes a ge  to obedience to deepen understanding of people’s obedience?”

Mostly, the budget is lacking, the boundary between the writers, and the mutation is a pair. The opinion of the opposite party, “I don’t want to make the synagogue a reality!”, and the opinion of Orlock himself who questioned whether they could continue to operate after actually building. If the number of taymers is small, and the purpose of deepening the understanding of the deceased, it was necessary to use the deceased of the monster rather than just dogs, monkeys and birds. In addition, taymers did not have any knowledge and know-how that could operate世s and theaters.

So Orlock was not going to operate the theater in real time.

"Of course, I will perform.  

“Well, it’s a dungeon!”

This is a dungeon created by Vandaloo. It is a maze that made the entrance with [Maze Creation] in a corner of the warehouse rather than a basement facility made by pulling out the ground with [Gorem Creation].

In order to make an evacuation shelter by performing regular construction, it does not fit very quickly due to the problems of work period. In addition, the threats that must be evacuated are not natural disasters. If you release the shock wave of death as in the time of "Origin", it is not possible to prevent any minor structure.

However, if dungeon is Vandalou, you can make it in about one hour. Although the size is necessary, the difficulty level is low, and the location and the incidence rate of the magic can be operated, and the safe hierarchy can be ordered to attack the person further.

Moreover, it is blocked from outside. A large explosion that changes the terrain outside, but a slasher that breaks the mountain can be disturbed, but a true giant and   whose length is 100 meters can be abusive.

If Rokudo St. uses [the 片fact of the King] in any way, it may be able to do some problems with the dungeon. However, it is safer than anywhere on the ground.

For this reason, Vanderou created a theater-shaped dungeon.

It is necessary to keep managing the 走s even after the thing is done, but the difficulty level is E-class, so it is not difficult. If you place the obedience of Orlock and other ルドld affiliation tailor, you can draw enough.

Of course, if you see the problem, you will come out, but Orlock was trying to retire in the form of ルドld master himself to take responsibility and to be able to fit things.

However, I didn’t think it would be a theater.

“Of course, I’m just right.” A. However, since the contract has not yet written legal terms, it is possible to negotiate.

“I don’t want to say anything...”

"Yes, it is inconvenient that there is only one entrance. You must not use the same entrance door for large equipment and stage equipment. Especially, there is no back mouth.

“I don’t want to say that there is a functional problem.”

“Oh, it’s safe now. If there is a problem, can I use it as a shelter?

"It seems to be a dungeon, but if you use it only for a short period of time in an emergency, it is different from continue to use it as a theater!? And if you continue to operate for a long time, it will be a dungeon!"

“Is it safe to check with you?” When it comes to being a dungeon, I don’t care about it.

When Orlock made a dungeon to a shelter, when he was asked by Vanderou... It was hard to believe that he could create a dungeon... It is a confirmation of safety.

That’s why he came to see Kanako. Take the rank 6 crystal elder bears who are currently the most fighting in their own devil.

I was pointed out to Kanako, and I was convinced that Orlock, which reminded me of the thing, was "mush, I was."

“I was convinced about safety, but I don’t care about it?”

"I have not yet decided how to converge this issue, but it is because Terkatanis devastated in any form.

The predecessor has a dead pipe with the Alda Temple.

I see. The remarks of the royal kings and the temples of Alda are also depressed, instead of the temples of Vida, and the power of the royal kings and the royal kings of Alcrem, which corresponds to the situation earlier is increased.

That’s why it’s easy to put a dungeon into the town and to put a voice to see the problem.

"I thought this issue would be a good opportunity to retire, but I will continue to work for a while."

Indeed, it will be not responsible for re ing without any health problems immediately after saying "Open Theater!"

“I need V-cream?”

"A hair growth drug?" I'm not a sardine, but it's not a sardine.

A few days later, I was ready.

We have finished drawings written to all hidden rooms and hidden passages of the castle, and we have enough spirits, demons, andプ mice. There are five bad canes.

And the contact with the relevant parties has ended.

【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】 【Banner】

"Select the Plu】 Magician"

Select a job that seems to be easy to understand and strong while looking at the newly emerged Pluto job.

《【Mukai Mythology】,【Mukai Refining】,【Mukai Precision Control】The level of skill has increased!》

・Name: Vandaloo Arc Hill Willowダ Zakart

・Type: Dumpire (Mother: Goddess)

Age: 13

・T】 name: [Gour Emperor] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser楽] [Teaser楽] [Teaser】] [Teaser] [Teaser護] [Teaser】] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Thai] [Thai]

・Job: Plukai God Magician

・Level ・

・Job history:Dead Attribute Magician Gorem Alchemist Undead Taymer Soul S ptor Demiurgos Whiskey Gorem Whiskey Gorem Whiskey Gorem Whiskey Gorem Whiskey Gorem Whiskey Gorem Whiskey Gorm Whiskey Gorm Whiskey Gorm Whiskey Gorm Whiskey Gorm Whiskey

・Capacity

・Life force2828,349+(64,983) (13,382UP!)

・Magic power: 16,165,047,521+(16,165,047,521) (269,276,276UP!)

・Power :90, +(2,257) (6,104UP!)

・Agility :83,544+(2,08  (4,459UP!)

・Facial power:95,696+(2,392) (6,554UP!)

・Intellectual power:122,815+(3,070) (7,655 UP!)

・Passive skills

Super PowerLvLv

Super Speed: 8Lv

Psychology:6Lv(UP!)

Invalid status

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Darkness



chanting destroy:10Lv



Magic Power: 10Lv(UP!)

Super Reinforcement: 10Lv (UP!)

Failure Poison: Fang Nail TongueLvLv

Body Endless Stretch: Tongue

Unfair Attack: Great

Body Super EnhancementLvLv

Magic thread purification: 4Lv(UP!)

Magic Power: 10Lv

Magic Power Recovery Speed Rise: 10Lv

Attack Power Enhancement at Magic Gun Startup: Large

Life Power: 7Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Subject: 10Lv

Ability Enhancement: Vidal Magic Empire: 5Lv

Self - Regrowth: Cousin: 4Lv

Ability Enhancement: Co-food: 4Lv

Time-Capacity Enhancement of Souls: Small

Recovery:7Lv

Self-reinforcement: killing: 7Lv

Cane equipped with magic power enhancement: large

All capacity enhancement: Small (A)ning from all capacity enhancement!)

・アクティブe skills

Blood: 6Lv(UP!)

Limit transverse: 10Lv

Goム Lv

False: 1Lv

Magic precision control:6Lv(UP!)

Spirit: 1Lv

Alchemy: 4Lv(UP!)

Soul fighting:8Lv

Simultaneous multi-current:8Lv

Surgery:10Lv(UP!)

Emerging:7Lv(UP!)

Guntai:5Lv(UP!)

Super Speed Thinking: 7Lv

General: 4Lv(UP!)

Tweezers:10Lv(UP!)

Lv

Screaming Lv

Spirit Magic:6Lv

Magnolia: 8Lv

Spectroscopy Lv(UP!)

Chip limit transceiver: 4Lv

Spirit:4Lv(UP!)

Lash: 4Lv

Spiritual Change: Lightning

Cane: 4Lv

High Speed Flight LvLv

Music: 4Lv

Lv

Muscle: 4Lv

Magic Lv

Unique skills

10Lv



Mental erosion:10Lv(UP!)

Maze Creation:8Lv(UP!)

大

Home



Soul Bakurai:10Lv

Vida's protection

God's protection of the earth

体d Thinking Lv

Zantak's Protection

体 operation Lv

Soul:5Lv

Witch

God of Origin

ク

Zulwarn's protection

Full Recording

5Lv

mutations

King's Body

Home

Botin's protection

Pelia

World

Curse

No previous experience

Existing job failure

Inability to acquire self-power

And the job change has ended.

In the treatment of the patients of the Amelia Tatsumoto Psychotherapy Clinic and some of the members of the absorbed assassination tissue, the [霊ritist] job is conf。. Next, I chose the “Matt、 Creator” and “Takumi: Transformation Equipment” after completing the “Moon Giant” diana that took time to complete, and after completing the transformation of Elizabeth and McT seniors.

"The job change is over, and I will start the six-way search strategy."

The spirits andプ mice現れd in the Vandalu, which appeared in close proximity to the job change, and flew to the inside of the royal castle.

――――――――――――――――――――――――

〇Job explanation: Spirit therapist

A job that prepares (transforms) the target spirit. He can use his own spirit body to change the shape of the target's spirit body, allowing him to control it.

It is highly likely that a prosthetic limb made of inorganic material will be able to house a spirit body and be manipulated as if it were part of itself, and that it will be able to be taken out of the body as a spirit body and used like a third arm or leg.

It is difficult for anyone other than Vandalieu to take on this job, but if someone who has received the above treatment from Vandalieu further improves their spirit manipulation skills and becomes able to perform treatments on others, they may be able to take on this job.

〇Job explanation: Magic staff creator

A job that represents a craftsman who creates magic wands, or transformation equipment.

〇Job explanation: Craftsman: Transformation equipment

A job that shows that the technology for creating transformation equipment has reached the level of a master craftsman. It is also possible to create transformation equipment for objects that greatly deviate from the human form...for example, true giants with a body length of about 100 meters.

The next episode will be posted on November 24th.