Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 381: Special training by the True Demon King to be able to defeat the Old Demon King

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Asagiri's problem was solved at all, but there was a problem with Vandalu other than his thing.

"How to become stronger than now is the problem."

Training

“Is it necessary to become stronger?”

Randolph, for this vandalous trouble, said that. Meolilis is nodded to his words.

It seems that the two people have heard that they want to become stronger! And it is true, so the two questions are the most.

"Of course"

However, Vandaloo was not satisfied with his strength.

"At this moment I may be counted to one of you in this world. However, Alda and Heinz should be defeated because they can defeat me."

Vandaloo is not a "weak" because he defeated the majestic King Gudulanis that was incomplete. However, it is not a good idea to lose to anyone else.

“I can say that I’m different from others.” I thought I could, but I couldn’t do it. I have been destroyed, and I can not count the ancient times to the west. If you are talking about you, God will make the same mistake.

However, Randolph's claim was also strong. Rodo Corte and Alda are repeated.

Vandaloo is still here, as they do so.

“It’s right, but I don’t have ever struggled.”

The Gods of the Alda force believers to the rebirth who is sent. It is not true that Vandaloo has always been able to win with them.

If you have neglected your preparation or strong efforts, Vandaloo may have lost if you are not lucky enough. ...... At least, Vandalou himself is responsible.

“If I really win Alda, it’s dangerous to think that it’s a difference.”

Vandalou thought that there was something secret to Alda’s forces. Actually, there is no secret to Alda power, and even if you are thinking that you can just win, you should think about it.

If you’re wondering, Alda’s hand has a missing piece of the soul of the King Gudulanis.

According to Vida, “The Goddess of Life and Love” the deficiencies of the souls of the Witch Gラanis were brought by Lodcorte, who took the distance from this world to avoid the full resurrection of Gラanis, the Great God who survived the battle with the Witch.

After that, Alda, who won Vida in the battle of Vida and Alda, also managed the missing piece of the soul of Gudulanis who she was managing.

And he was a reincarnation, and Heinz didn’t know about the Rokudo St., so Rodo Corte was brewed with the spirit of Gduranis in Rokudo St., and Arda could guess what was not involved.

It can also be interpreted as a proof that Alda has managed the right fragment of the soul of Gudulanis as God.

"The seal of the soul of Gudulanis remains intact, including the deprived of Vida at the hand of Alda. I would have recovered the missing pieces of the rodocollete managed ... it is not possible to release them in battle with us."

Alda managed the right fragments of the soul of Gudulanis until before. However, if you can fight against Vandalu, by Rodo Corte, you know that Vandalu will defeat the released Gudulanis.

So Alda may use Gudulanis to fight. However, if the other person asks this statement of Vandaloo, it will be said to be a 論。. It is the same as you complained that you might be resurrected against Vandalu, whose soul of Guduranis.

"Of course, this is assumed to be the戦争 case that can occur in the war with the Amid Saint. We are not going to appeal to the world widely.

“Oh, there is no evidence... I don’t know what God is doing normally.”

"The purpose of the story is to have special lessons. and need to be enough”

It may be a fight against the deficiency of the remaining souls of Gudulanis. Randolph understands it faces.

In the previous battle, he was not able to fight both the Gudulanis and the Gudulanis.

There is also an influence that I had just fought with the opponent, but I could not deny my lack of power more than that.

So he is a S-class adventurer, Randrph.

...... I watched the video that the King used, but I think I can win the opponent of Gudulanis."

When Randolph asked his eyes, the Schne、 looked so bitter and shaked his neck side.

When I saw the bones and the divisions of Kunochen, I answered that Resana, who is the wicked God, was forced to move around the neck.

"If you have a piece of soul, you may be able to do it depending on the body used." If you get off the Vida,

“Is it possible to earn time even if it is not defeated if it is just one missing piece? However, in that case, it is impossible to deny the possibility of hindling the usefulness of the great Vanderou."

The answer was Dalcia and Gphadoghan. Dalcia can be transformed into a special body, and it can be used to perform high combat performance by descending the vida. If you are a full body of Gudulanis, you will be able to defeat only if you are staying in the body that you chose rightly, or seal it in a draw.

Gwhadghan said that it is possible to earn time even if it is impossible to fight and win if you operate the space.

However, Gwhadghan can take care of the situation by following the entire battlefield, as well as the Ghost of the spatial attribute,ーン Du. It hurts that she must concentrate on one of the pieces of souls of Gudulanis.

“In other words, Alda... I dare to say to the Amidst the Holy Land, but if you unleash the soul of Gudulanis sealed by them, you must be able to deal with certainty with our core competence, Vanderou.

......The emperor himself does not question the core power of the war, but it is ignored at this point.”

As Meolilis summarizes, Vandalu is most sure to deal with it when Gduranis comes out. However, Vandalou is not a member of the Vidal Magic Empire, but the emperor is the core of the war.

By the way, I have already received the material from the Duke of Gerald Birgit for how to safely seal the [Witch King's Flaw] who was researched by Asagiri people.

However, since the asagi was researched, it is unclear whether it is effective to the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis.

And in the way they discovered, even if it was effective, it is not changed to fight after all because the seal does not trigger once if you defeat the host of the missing fragments running.

Therefore, in the situation where Vandaloos are threatened, the research of Asagiri is not understood at all, but it is dangerous to rely too much.

“Well, this predecessor of Gudulanis was strong because there was a bunch of souls such as [in能ct] and [memory], and the fl。 made only by the fl。 of the body, the ghost of the reincarnation of the chito capacity, and the soul of the six-way and Edgar.

If you’ve chosen one of the shorts of your soul, you might be able to fight with Dr. Randrph, Schneダー, and bones.”

“It’s important to say before.”

The vandaloo itself lightens the air that is serious and has raised the problem. In his words, not only the body of Gudulanis, but also the deficiency of the soul, Schneダー felt the power of life.

“If you have a head in the Amid Holy Land, you can free up more than two or more pieces of seals, not only one piece of soul, but also a special physical body, not appropriate.”

However, the air weight increased again in the words of Randruff. There may be enough guess that Arda will perform the same analysis as Vandaloo.

Alda shouldn’t want to revive Gudulanis, but I don’t know what to do. In addition, there is a lack of reliable materials if the standard of Alda is not crazy.

“I think it was a bit of a person who was on the other side of the marshkuzar.”

Marshkuzar was a person living on the same ground, even if it was cold. That’s why I believe that it’s a minimum as the same person ... I think that there will be no means that I can’t destroy my country even if I was caught up.

However, Alda is the God who sits on the earth and not on the ground. Even if the Amid Holy State died, his followers are not indistinguished. That’s why we can only think of what we can do if we’re stowed Alda.

In fact, Schne s don’t know, but Alda believes that if you defeat Vandaloos, it’s the same way that humanity has been fighting with Gudulanis tens of thousands of years ago.

However, it was not possible to think about it in the current situation, and the mashukuzar was eliminated by Alda and its majestic followers, not Schne .

“It’s a special lesson, but I don’t know how to get dramatically stronger in a short time.”

Nowadays, we have experience from the demons who are working together with the explorers of the Vidal Magic Empire. It is also decided to pass the [Witch King's Flaws] to Vanderou, which continues to be managed by each Duke and the temple, without the collection of Terkatanis.

However, there is no reason that Vandalou becomes more dramatic than now. That’s why Vandaloo is already strong.

In the case of a number, it is said that if the strength is 20 people, it is dramatic power up. However, if the strength is 1000, it will be only a range of errors.

。 It is a state that everyone has become more than a certain level. No way to work

As Randolph says, the growth of a person who has become more than a certain degree becomes dull. It’s a totally different problem from the growing wall where the level rises 。cy.

The reason is that the difference between the experience value obtained and the required experience value is opened.

Even at the same level, the level 1 of the new American adventurer who experienced job change for the first time, and the level 1 of the S-class adventurer who experienced job change over and over again, the required experience value is compared.

Even with the same level 1 skill, there is an overwhelming difference in the experience required to go up to two levels in just and higher skills.

And more, the more strong the enemy of strength becomes less.

If you put the monsters in the magic field of rank 3, you can encounter even if you don't have time. However, there is no depth of the monster of rank 10. Dungeon is less difficult to understand.

Even if you 腕 your arms with simulated fights in real-world battles between people, it is still not a real-world battle.

However, there are few experience levels that can be obtained even if you are an unexpected partner, and the pace that the job level rises smoothly, and the skill level rises further.

For this reason, you will choose whether you are satisfied with your current skills, or whether you are trained in a habitat.

In the case of Schne、s of the storm of 嵐ence, he is searching for wicked 、s and defeated, but there was still a limit.

“So I will give up my special lessons.”

It is difficult to find the right enemy in Vanderou. So he gave up a special lesson.

"Instead, I have received my special lessons."

So I decided to change the way of thinking.

In the sky covered with gray clouds, there are countless daemons in the wilderness, like hell where the deep red   is dotted.

One of the worlds in the body of Vandalou, the residence of the daemon.

......

』

。 But more..."

Bone, King Kendo, and Vigalo were relative to the enemy.

』

Red black liquid包s crystal-like crystals, unshaped enemies. It seems that it is possible to define a slime-type magic.

』

Each arm has a cane, 鉤 claw, and shield. I thought that it was a 人-type and 人-type witch.

』

A giant tiger body with multiple eyes, corners and wings. As you can see, it seems that it reflected the monster of the beast type.

It is clear that both are ranked 13 or higher. In addition, all enemies are [invalid state] and have high resistance to both physical and magic術, and their playing ability is also abnormal.

And above all, it is the owner of high workmanship that does not look like it.

“Beyond that, Vandalou does not stop the mellow imitation of that feeling?”

"I'm sorry... I'm not talking during the training.

The true identity of Vandalou was the use of the King.

That’s why Vandaloo’s “My Special Lessons” is a lot of special lessons in real-world format that he makes.

The strongest of Vandalu is Vandalu. In other words, Vandalou will be a very good partner for his colleagues, or it will be an effective one.

And Vandaloo is the owner of his own personality.

It becomes strong to respond if Vandalou is made with magic for battle. And by choosing a missing piece and changing how to move, you can set a trial.

“But Vandaloo, I’m not sure about it.”

However, because it is a part of Vandalou, the performance rank is the bottom.

“Is it right? Is it better?

“Let’s take it!”

“The Lord, I don’t think that.”

“Lord, I think I’m better.”

。 Resume

As soon as I said, I can release a killing feeling like running in the cold from the demons. And it moved with a horrible speed.

】

The sムe-type sムe-type sムe-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s e-type s。e-type s。e-type s。e-type s。e-type s......e-type s......e-type blood. The crystals in the body are freely positioned to reflect the blade. In addition, even if the crystal is one or two, it will play back as soon as possible.

His challenge is to cut all the crystals in the body of the Slime-type witch.

"[Limit transceiver]! [Dragon killer]! [Sou】 ]! "

"[Steel wall], [Steel body], [Shibuto sink], [螺 thrust]! "

Kabutomushi Warrior's witch King and Bokes resonate the sound of the intense swords. Volks and Vigaro’s challenges are simple. defeat the enemy in front of you.

"Nう! [Magic Wall]! [Magic Body]!"

However, the opponent of Vigalo, the demons, fight against the appearance, attack him with a distance attack.

Shoot the suspicious line from the eyeball embedded in the fu age side, exhale the flame with liquid oil from the mouth, release air and blood compressed from the nose of the elephant that looks like the tail, and release electric in the body generated by high speed vibration.

Vigalo has to be defeated by a shield that holds it in the arms of the 体の, and somehow the distance must be filled with a weak distance attacker.

The King of Mechanism is almost genuine and the opponent of Vigalo. If they are trained, they will get fatal injury. ......The next moment I received, the magecraft of [death] is put on and the state is not progressing from deadly wounds to death, and it is drunk to stop Blood Potion.

Actually, the killings that the King used are caused by the magecraft that lowered the effect of the [Daikikai] and changed the killing to usefulness. If not, Vandalou should not kill his colleagues.

Vigalo also knows it, but it is painful to receive fatal wounds even if it is said to be cured, and I do not want to be shy in front of the watched daemons, so I am working on the same seriousness as the actual race.

In addition, if you use the magic that is included, you will leave the corners, bones, meat etc. used in the material and disappear. However, if Vigalo aimed at endurance, it is not considered a trial break. Vandaloo will make the demons again.

And this is not a dungeon boss but a special lesson, so even if you break the trial, there is nothing special. There is a word of praise and labor from Vanderou, and it is not necessary to break the trial separately.

In addition, after breaking the trial, after a break, we will reconcile with the daemons who observe the Vanderlus and special lessons, and think about the following special lessons and work on it.

The purpose of the special lesson is not to clear the trial, but to defeat the gdulanis who have revived incompletely.

Next story will be posted on August 9th.