Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 386: Justice that threatens the world vs. the new demon army that protects the world

The existence of a horrible figure that appears in the upper sky of each battlefield and city, which is not a regular presence at a g .

In addition, the army of the Amid Holy Kingdom, the Duchess of Fゾン, and the Kingdom of Orbaum were動ed.

“What’s it?? Where is it?”

"Do you send the A God that Arda can serve to the support army? No, it's too much horrible!"

They had no idea that God would come directly to this battle and intervene. The army of the Kingdom of Orbaum was the same, and each of the Duchess warned that the Gods of Alda might come to something from Vandalu, but did not go to the end soldiers.

He interpreted that the morale goes down and that the Alda comes out to extreme means, and he warned that the righteousness is in the Duchess of Fゾン and the Amid。.

It was unexpected for Vandaloo.

It was assumed that Alda used somehow to use the fragments of the souls of Gudulanis, but it was used in a strategy that would parade to the candidates of the game in one or two battlefields and focus on a narrower range.

It was unexpected that it would be らed to the deities and gods of the Vida family. Alda wanted to destroy the world.

If Vandalu is left unab ed, it will be revived as Gudulanis with a missing piece of dark abalone or more.

Of course, in the process, not only the Amidst the Holy Land and the Duchess of Fゾン, but also the Kingdom of Orbaum, Gartland and the Majestic Continents, it is not an answer.

Since Vandalou is one of the residents living in this world, it is difficult to destroy the world.

However, this one hand of Alda is quite annoying for Vandaloo, but I can not say it is fatal. If you are pregnant, even if there is a presence embedded in the soul of Gudulanis in various places, you can have enough fighting power.

Of course, only Vandaloo can absorb the missing pieces of soul, so it is necessary to move from the Royal Castle of Tarosム.

And Vandaloo was the first continent of the magical king on Gartland.

"Oh, Oh! Oh, I'm a』?"

"Yes," the goddess of rebirth," Lusemagella

The reason why I came here is because the Doranaza is the place where the most anxiety remains in the fighting force. And above all, it is because Alda was descended because it is one of the pillars of Vida's obedience.

Lusemagella is a subordinate god of life and love. It is not only a recovery from scratches and diseases, but also a phenomenon that leaves of trees scattered in autumn leaves return every year in rainy season.

The goddess were sealed when Alda attacked the Vida family ten thousand years ago. It reacted instantly to the missing piece of the soul of Vanderou’s soul, Zakart’s production brave.

"I'm different! Gudulanis! "

ゼ you have misrepresented Vandalou as Gudulanis, or you have a jelly to make your eyes slaughter. Perhaps the missing piece of the soul of Gudulanis, who is parasitic to her, was sensing the missing piece he  ed.

“Oh, it’s quite shocking to call Gudulanis.”

Vanderou操es the fluffs from the back and avoids the magic that the ruseumazela has released. Magic died in an instant, instead of the leaves born on the surface of the continent of the king.

It seems to be a magecraft that 走s life force and leads to death. Exhaust from flames, electric shocks, and ice. That’s because Lusemagella is not originally a god of battle.

That’s why Alda released her on the continent of the magical king, which has only unreliable information that seems to have a base in Vanderou.

Even if you can parade the 片facts of the soul of the King Gudulanis and increase the magic, you can not be able to give a new strong means of attack such as horns and fangs as a fl。.

Instead, it seems that you can use attribute magic until you get on Gudulanis.

"Death! Gudulanis! The Veils of Zakart! Let's kill you before Alda! "

“...I’m more 、cy with mental、, so let’s help it out.”

There was a large amount of blood splash from the back of Vandaloo. And the scattered [the blood of the King] changes to [tactile] with [sucker].

It’s long, thick and huge.

"Uwaahahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

A giant, bizarre magical witch with red black countless手。s appeared in front of the rusemazemazela, which releases the magic while flowing blood tears.

Vanderou is born in the head of a hugeコopus with countless legs. It is such a feeling.

Vandaloo first appeared to help this jelly.

It does not have personal thoughts unless her existence is noble than other gods of the Vida family.

Ljuzemazela is a God who has no fl , and now she is forced to descend because of the deficiency of the soul of Gduranis, who has dissolved seals and con。ed to the soul.

Even now, Lusemagella continues to consume power, and if you have time, it will be consumable as it is impossible to keep existence as God even if you can get。 of the missing parts of the soul of Gduranis.

The other gods of the Vida family have a fl。 and the former Mausoleum. It was a situation that even God is in the place where a person who can make a time to disappear by sealed.

That’s why Lucemazella and Gartland were the most dangerous.

"Horra, Gudulanis. I'll cover the ground with destruction and trouble, and I'll make the despair and conf  of the living being."

Vanderou provokes Ljuzemazela while imitating things that can not be desperate to the roughness of the gudulanis himself.

“Gudulanis...Gudulanis! Gudulanis!”

However, because it is paraded to the missing part of the soul, I lost the shyness, and I used to her the smiling thing of Vandaloo.

Ljuzemagella turbulent the magic while flowing blood tears, but Vandalou s ed it with [the junction of suction], and once it was intentionally showing.

However, a new王 is born just by王ing a single王. Ljuzemazela, who saw it, understood that the magic is thin even though it is crazy, has turned up the cane and hit it.

』

The power put in the cane is amazing, if you tap, you will crush the hill and crush the Iwayama.

」

However, the movement was too bad. There shouldn’t be any way to get a cane surgery in the Ljuzemazela that has no格s about the original battle.

Vandaloo takes her tangled cane and tangles her arms and legs.

Inhaled with a suction cup to prevent the rhzemagella from getting out, and then threaded from the tip of the液。.

“Well, you’re going to make me up!”

And there was a strange or sなptural scene of a woman that flows blood tears, bound by液。, mucus and threads on the continent of Witch.

I don’t want to know what kind of spect  is being seen by the s ptor of Gartland, which is seen from the hole on the continent of the King. Vandalou seemed to be true.

"What do you do to the goddess to stop the movement, I am."

This is because of Alda. Heinz crushes the soul quickly, but Alda tries to crush the soul to the extent that it does not destroy quickly after making it a bocoboco. The hands are not rested while thinking about such things.

"Let's get done quickly, for her and me"

"Yes, I'm killing, I'm killing!?"

Vanderou interferes with the spirit of Ljuzemazela while exercising the skills of the magecraft of [ghost withdrawal], [ghosting] and [ghosting] and [s  erosion].

The structure of the soul should be the same as the person. I found foreign objects and don’t affect them.

』

"I want to eat"

If you planted in the spirit of Ljuzemazela, chew the missing pieces of the soul of Gduranis.ダーク dark abalone, it was easy to find and hang because she was still not on.

It seems to have been a sorrow of Gudulanis. Why did you have a blood tear?

Alda paraded to Ljuzemazela was a piece of sorrow. It was a 片fact that was a relatively small part of the soul of Gudulanis. In fact, even if the parasitic lysemaラa was not fully riding, there was no様子.

It was ible to change the sadness full of dinosaurs to a  and whether it was crazy.

When I left it, I would have attacked the guardian deities of Gartland who did not have a Vida family in the tens of thousands years ago.

If so, Gartland’s guardian deities had to fight and had to fight, and they had to consume their power.

“Oh... I want to know...? It’s sealed in Alda...? That’s why it’s like this...?”

“This is a medical practice.”

Vanderou released the lying lying lying lying lying lying lying lying lying.

“Who do you know? Feel the nostalgic taste of Zakart and the subtle taste that is similar to Gduranis...”

Then, I left the rhzemagella, and Vandalou separated from the lower body of the giantコopus and disappeared.

“Is it better to go to the suspicious gods once more?” Please rest. You can hear the situation later. And the country in the basement of this continent is the Gods who have moved from the Democratic Party to the Vida family.

Then, the lower part of the remaining largeコopus is used to make it a wizard king, and explain it to the left Lusemagella.

"Hui!? Is it the main body??"

“No, it’s a part of it.” Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

[Ghost], [Ghost] skill level has increased!

[The Sorrow of the King]

At that time, the 戦endous battles spread over the Orbaum sky.

"Ahahahahahaha! Hihihihihihihi! I'm really strange! "

The wicked God of a distorted shell was fighting with the maze of the evil god, Gwhadghan and the magic.

The space between each other is distorted, ripped and closed. Advanced Space Attribute Magic

"It seems to be "the evil god of the castle" and "Pyalesla". I thought that you are more indepressive and inseparable."

"I'm sorry, but I'm sorry! Why? It's a great sign with Zakart!?"

The wicked God’s identity in the form of a windshield is “the evil god of the castle” and “Pyalesla.” This is one of the reasons why dungeon was created in the world of lambda, and at the time of the battle of the king and the brave, it was the highest God than Gphadoghan.

The seal was sealed before the battle of the Gudulanis and the Berwood army, and the seal was managed by Vida and Alda who took away from Vida.

Gwhadghan, who knows that Pyalesla revived, determined that he is most efficient to do the opponent.

The spatial attribute is highly special for other attributes. If you are a master, you can distort the space and attack the opponent as it is.

Gwhadghan is the use of spatial attribute magecraft beyond masters. It is not difficult to put the opponent's attack as it is.

And she guessed she could also be the same. Therefore, it is here to stay away from the back of Vanderou with the thought of the intestine.

"Yes, everything is great Vanderou's will."

If you decide the personality of God, Gufadghan, you will be able to get enough in this word. She believes Vanderou as a great existence. If Vandalou is white, it should be white and black.

Orbaum should be saved if Vandalou should accept Orbaum.

“Ohahaha! I’m laughing! It’s a cas  in the magical army, but it’s too crazy that Gudulanis’ subordinates will be drunk to the勇!”

It seems that the presence of such a gufadoghan is unbelievable for Philippiarsla. There are countless pro sions of the windshield, and laughing from the other side.

“Loling so is used as a discarded piece of Alda, which is paradigm to the soul of Gudulanis and against the great Vanderou.” I think that you are a good practice?

“Hihahahaha! Tell me! Is that gufadoghan spreading my tongue? It seems that it was too long!”

“Yes.” Yours are just the remains of the past. Great vandaloo belly foot and destroy it.



Gufadghan and Pyalesla to say to each other. However, magecraft has increased  endousness.

We are aiming for each other by repeating the electric shocks and flames that were invited from anywhere.

“Ohahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

“I’m not sure that I know all the missing pieces of Gudulanis’ souls.”

"It's not really good!"

When screaming, a new pro、sion appears in the shell, and the tip of it opens like a door.

!」

There were countless magical objects. It was a dungeon that the shell of the fish pyalesla was born. I was going to sway her upset by 揺ding the city of humans who are trying to protect Gphadeghan.

However, this is the sky above Orbaum where Vandalou is actually a cow.

"I will show the power of the Zakart Street Self-Council! All enemies are killed!"

"I will try to leave my grandchildren, I will do my best!"

"I'm killing, I'm喰ing!"

A member of the self-professional team formed by a general person who reborn to Daemon by suspicious rebirth has jumped to the sky.

“I’ve been late! I’m not sure how to protect the city for my own police!”

"Oh! It is said that the name of the adventurer is crying because it is hidden from the general public!"

Next, the Hendriksen adventurer who has been flying with magic items and magic.

On the other hand, the house was floating in the sky by the land of the premises.

"I'm sorry!? If you're another magic, you'll be able to go to our teeth with you!"

“So you’re just the remains of the past.”

The Philippyalesla was sealed when the Magnolia Gudulanis was healthy, and he didn’t know anything about the forces he’s fighting.

On the other hand, the battlefields of the Amid Holy War and the Vidal Magic Empire army were conf .

"Death! Everyone who dedicates Alda!"

Along with the screaming of hatred, the   descends the rain of the thunder to the Amid  Army.

“Oh!”

“Is it a Thunder Dragon?”

“It’s a  !”

"Our name is "Rand Rai Ryujin" jigット! The people who dedicate Alda to die and make their name come from the earth! What is Alda hidden??"

The stormy and shining stormy thunder  des the thunderstorm towards the Holy War, blowing the thunder wind and攻撃 against the Holy War of the Amid。.

Vidal Magic Imperial Army does not look.

"Oh! I'm doing it, this Noro! Let's do it with the three!?"

クスly, they are trying to drop  where the Boks were undeaded or the Undead warrior is tied to the Knight of the Holy War. However, there is no attack onール or noble、.

“Is it a 神 god of the Vida family? Do you think?

"There! The atmosphere is different, but he is digットt. This is Ryujin, who was guarding the front line with me in the battle of Vida and Arda ten thousand years ago! I heard that he was sealed after I was sealed.

"Yes, it's a mess."

The Schne  has become clear immediately because it is 顔ing the face.

"I'm a soldier chosen by Alda! The sashimi of the vandalous vandaloo was appearing in the subordinate! The sashimi of the gudalanis that I absorbed was embedded in the gods of the Vida family!"

The voice of the boy who seems to be aliased sounded to the battlefield. The contents of this article were Vandalu, just like Alda did.

A person who knows the name and appearance of a gigット sealed by the hands of the Alda force ten thousand years ago is less in modern human society.

And here they are close to the boundary mountains that separate the country and country governed by Vandalu, whose name is the King of the Witch, Giglat is actually snipered by the Alda power believers...... Alda, Nine Road, and the armor and shields of the Pharmaung are recorded.

I don’t know that Ziglat has turned to Vidáf five thousand years ago. Because his memory is built tens of thousands years ago.

And because Ayleek, who is the general commander of the Holy War, screams so, many of the shoguns who remain in the Holy War that it is not correct, embedded the missing pieces of Gudulanis to the Ziglats, came to the stone throwing them out in Vanderou.

“Oh, I do that in the alias, but it’s not a big problem.”

The saint warriors who have unraveled the tiles have kept his army as he has been attacked by the Gigット. That's it.

"I don't have to prepare to seal the person here than that."

Before Schneダー, a giant boar was attacked by the Buddha.

“You are yours! Do you converse the creators in this way?”

The王ry is Boddo. Originally, it was the king of the boars, but it was the ancestors of the軍, which turned off the gods, including the other beasts.

“I don’t have a chance to honor you as a creator!”

The king of the Kingdom of Noble Oak, whose bodode is majesticly destroyed.

“Our guardian deity is a compassionate goddess, the evil gods of corruption” Mubuggenge! You should be reminiscent of us!”

As a result of the creation of人間 that Bodo suffers from humanity, Oak was born as a monotype of magic, and has been committed and stained many human women until now.

It was born from the excellent族, and the high-class Noble Oaks that were established as a tribe do not change.

The goddess of life and love accepted them, and the fl。 to leave the offspring without the need to force humans.

Therefore, there is no one or more Noble Oak people who dedicate Bodo.

』

“I don’t want to keep using Alda’s hands, I can sleep comfortably with our hands!”

"Gabgabaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"

In this way, the Schneダー laughed when Vandalou fell before he came to collect his soul fragments.

―――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Budarion

・Rank: 14

- Race: Noble Orc Ark Abyss King

・Level: 71

・Age: 19

・Passive skills

dark vision

Strength: 7Lv (UP!)

Absolute energy: 5Lv (UP!)

Reinforcement: 10Lv (UP!)

Attack power enhancement when equipped with a sword: Maximum (Awakening & UP from attack power enhancement when equipped with a sword!)

Lower race control: 10Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 8Lv (UP!)

Magic resistance: 3Lv (UP!)

Abnormal status resistance: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic power increase: 2Lv (UP!)

All ability value enhancement: Medium (NEW!)

Physical resistance: 3LV (NEW!)

Ability value enhancement: Reign: 4Lv (NEW!)

Fast healing: 5Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Magic Fang Swordsmanship: 4Lv (UP!)

Armor technique: 10Lv (UP!)

Martial arts: 6Lv

Riding: 5Lv (UP!)

Non-attribute magic: 3Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 6Lv (UP!)

Earth attribute magic: 6Lv (UP!)

Life attribute magic: 10Lv (UP!)

Alchemy: 1Lv

Command: 10Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 9Lv (UP!)

Demolition: 3Lv (UP!)

Spirit advent: 2Lv (UP!)

Transcend the limit: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic sword limit transcendence: 8Lv (UP!)

Magic armor limit breakthrough: 3Lv (UP!)

Magic fighting technique: 3Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Mbubujenge's protection

Vandalieu's protection (NEW!)

Vida's protection (NEW!)

・Name: Volks

・Rank: 17

・Species: No Life Mythology Hero

・Level: 1

・Two names: [King of Swords] [God of Death of the former Scylla Autonomous Region] [True Titan Slayer]

・Passive skills

dark vision

Super strength: 4Lv (UP!)

Physical resistance: 10Lv

Attack power increase when equipped with sword: Maximum (UP!)

Increased defense power when equipped with non-metallic armor: Medium (Awakened from increased defense power when equipped with non-metallic armor!)

Intuition: 7Lv

Mental pollution: 5Lv

Self-super-strengthening: Guidance: 1Lv (Self-strengthening: Awakening from guidance!)

Magic resistance: 4Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Demigod food: 10Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Killing: 4Lv (UP!)

High speed playback: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Shinkenoujutsu: 2Lv (UP!)

Martial arts: 10Lv

Archery: 8Lv

Armor king technique: 3Lv

Transcend limit: 10Lv

Demolition: 6Lv

Command: 4Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 10Lv

Teacher: 2Lv

Magic sword limit transcendence: 10Lv

Magic armor limit breakthrough: 7Lv

Familiar demon: 5Lv

Magic fighting technique: 3Lv (NEW!)

Remote control: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Protection of Talos

Vida's protection

Protection of Farmaun

The next story will be posted on September 13th.