Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 391: The Leaning Soul

It's shorter this time. very sorry.

The battle between the Duchy of Birgit's army and the second army of the Duchy of Fazon, which was taking place on the border between the Duchy of Fazon and Duchy of Birgit, turned into chaos due to intruders before it could even begin in earnest.

『ＧＵＲＯＯＯＯ！』

On the other hand, there is the ``Lion Beast King'' Rezafortes, a gigantic lion that radiates a divine yet sinister aura and magical power.

“Ohhhhh! ”

And then there was Knochen, the ``Bankoden'' and ``Concert Venue,'' who was dispatched by Vidal's Demon Empire as reinforcements to Duke Birgitte's army.

A beast king with a body length of 100 meters and a mass of bone boasting more than ten times its volume. This clash of powers was beyond the scope for ordinary people to intervene.

“I don’t understand why you’re telling me to kill you! ? ”

In frustration, Rezafortes swung his paw down, shattering the bone arm that Knochen was holding up, and slamming into the ground with the same force, creating a large hole.

“Ohhh! ! ”

Knochen scatters broken bone fragments, but with such speed that no damage is felt, he attempts to pierce Rezafortes's swung front leg from above and sew it to the ground.

『ＲＵＯＯＯ！』

However, Rezafortes managed to protect his front legs with his head. He used his strong mane to deflect the bone blade that Knochen swung down.

『ＧＹＡＯ！？』

However, it is not only being done. He shoots his bones from Vandalou to Lesa Forever.

Even if the strong fur and skin are penetrated, the reservoir stopping the uterus made of Vandalu bone in the muscles before reaching the internal organs, but screaming in severe pain and jumping back to take the distance.

』

To him, Kunohchen should not be forgiven and have a ス poisonous breath.

“GYAU!? Gofu!”

A strong poison is squeezed, spitting a mixed saliva of blood, and the lezafor  suffers, and the grass and trees around and behind them are discolored and brown.

“Gearah!”

“Hmm, body, melt...”

And the survivors of the Duchess of Fazon, who received an extra wave, dies Batabata.

While watching the scene, the Duchess of Gerald Birgit laughed with a dry voice.

"Hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

When Lesa Forever appeared from the sky, he remembered the in。cts and 悟ed to death. But at the same time, it turned off to see that the flying kunochen suppresses the reservoir and also causes damage to the Duchess of Fazon.

Instead, I learned the powerlessness.

“Bombarde, I’m sorry... Is it possible to support Kunochen?”

“...Isn’t you sent to the Duchess of Fazon to the survivors of temporary rest or surrendering recommendations?”

“It’s more direct。 than that.” Oh, of course, it is not possible to move to the execution just by listening to the reference.

The abdo  of the bear-type beasts, one of the most 鋭brities of the Duchess of Burgit, answered from the fact that they were transformed into a form of 龍s and giants, and the battles of Rezafor。.

“Even if you bet your life and squeezing your power, the same supervisor will just get away and die.” It is a dog death of 9 minutes 9 cm even in the same as the supervisor.

It is wise to stop by the軍 of the Duchess of Fazon.

“Oh, it’s right.” Thank you for your understanding.

I thought that this battlefield was the safest place where the gierald, who was in charge of the Vidal Magic Empire, was located here.

It is a semantics, because the Les Forever descended before the war with the Duchess of Fazon begins, no one hurts in the fight.

Even now, the army is lowered and the distance is taken from the kunochen people, so it is intact except those who have fallen in ge。.

Fortunately, the Duchess of Fazon worked out in a tragedy.

The Duchess of FAZON were divided into two armies, in order to attack the Duchess of Hartner at the same time and to reach the boundary of the boundary from those suitable for transcending the Inner Mountains of Jordan. Then, he reinforced his half of the war force with the Goddess warriors and adventurers of Alda. That’s why the conductor system is disturbed against unexpected situations, as well as the army that develops near the border with the Baron Hartner.

And if you were trying to intervene with the fight against Kunolchen and Les Forever, you would be forced to 掛け the attack to the Duchess of Burgit by largely bypassing.

That’s why kunochen is causing serious damage to the attack.

“However, if we take a distance, we will continue to see how we are doing it, we can’t be wondering what we mean in this place?”

"It's also we. I want to say so, but I will die if I come to it.

Bombarde saw that the candidate’s人dow of the farthest acted as “the descendant of use” and slashed into kunochen and reservoir, and disappeared in the next moment.

“Is it true that the king of the beast is suffering even at the Kunochen Palace?” I think it’s troublesome, but I can’t deny that I feel proud of it as a beast.”

“Now, Lesa Forever is embedded in the soul of Gudulanis, so it’s not out of power.”

It was a silence, and the mercy suddenly opened.

“Is it true? When I embedded the missing piece of the soul of the King, I thought it would be stronger in that effect?”

It seems to be strong basically. Six-way: If you try to use it actively like dark abalone,

The amount changes depending on the amount of the fragment, but the force increases and the attack is increased. In addition, if the power of the deficiency ... [In能ct], the intuition about survival and struggle is sharp, and [memory], it is possible to reproduce his magic and combat technology from the memory of Gudulanis.

"But, because Leza Forever is resisting the missing part of soul as seen. I think that the power of his life is not able to be demonstrated because it is only 暴ent without suppression.

I’m still trying to stop by the natural surroundings and humans.

However, as Vandalou says, the host whose soul deficiency was parasted is different from resistance. Even if you know the magic, you can't use it together if you have a魂r and soul fragment.

The biggest enemy has its own value, but in the case of Lザ Forever it is exactly the state.

“I don’t have any forgiveness to Kunochen?”

At the same time, Gerald said, the front foot of the Reza Forever, which re振りed, crushed the legs of the ノ giant kunochen. A large sound that doesn't seem to be a sound that can be broken.

“It’s because it’s just undead, so it’s not in the protection of Reza Forever, because Kunotchen is actively involved in the fight against the humans of the Baron Fazon.

Rezafor is like a transition from tens of thousands years ago.

“No, I see.”

"But it's just here."

In other words, there is a countless demons who were talking to Geralt, where and where they were diving.

“Wow! This undead, maldouk, zebra, and gampaprio are keen to know!?”

』

』

Kunohchen is aligned with the movements of the Witch King, feeling the distraction of the Great Gods from the bones of his own, and 動き the gaps of the Lザ Forever, and restraining the肢mb.

"I'm waiting for you, but I'll give you a piece of magic."

Then, the vandaloo body of the appearance removes the missing parts of the soul and returns positively.

"Oh, I'm happy!"

“We will take you to save the situation, so please come back.”

And the world in the body puts the leza forever and Vandalu is a countless use magical king.

』

The remaining kunochen kicks off the warriors and candidates of the Alda Temple, whose enemies have been reduced, and he will be part of his body while alive.

"If it falls in a paragraph, let's send again the messenger."

。 In that time, it will be boning in a madious interconnection."

Thus, the Holy War of the Duke of Birgit was over.

[A】ogance of the King]

On the way to move, Vandaloo checked his condition.

"Oh, I'mボing for a long time."

There was no problem with the body, but the state of the soul was quite distorted. It is because I drank a fragment of the soul of multiple Gudulanis in a short time.

“It’s not just the stomach, but also the soul... I’ll be surprised when I go to the gods.”

Vanderou, who has not noticed that the form of the soul was more horrible than the wicked god of the soul of Gudulanis, will try to twist and stretch himself and to fix it.

《The missing piece of the soul of the winning King was integrated into the King of Magic!》

It is good. Let’s collect all the missing pieces of the souls of Gudulanis in other places while Honeys don’t wear Tarosム.”

Vandaloo created a valley in the boundary of the mountains, and created a deliberate in sion of the honeys, and prepared multiple anti-corruption forces and fake talosムes.

I don’t know whether the boundary of the mountains of a few thousand meters above sea level can be created, but I don’t worry about where the mountains will be destroyed if I create a boundary that is easier to understand than that.

Of course, you will be able to risk the countries inside the boundary and Tarosム that put the honeys inside the boundary. For this reason, Vandaloo moved Tarosム.

ミル two hundred years ago, the Milg shielded country has been invaded along the routes to set up a gorem and fort, and the other side is a real-like false talosムme 並べ with the same building. In addition, there is the same false tarosム.

The real Talosム is moved by goム the whole town... You can't get to the wings because you move to the entrance.

In order to keep in mind, I have come back to "Origin". Both of them left, but now, Rumda is more dangerous than Origin. ......It should be okay because I put multiple escorts used to escort, and the ghosts who were the predecessor were trained as much as possible.

(However, there should be no big meaning for the existence of the dead attribute magician in the current Heinz.)

Heinz's "five-colored blades" expressed the existence of the soul and the mari from the asagi of the reincarnation, but the situation has changed at that time and now.

He said, “It is possible to ride on the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis that he should absorb,” he heard the last word of Gudulanis, which was incompletely revived when Heinz went to Vandaloo.

I don’t know whether it’s five seconds after riding, or a year after, or a hundred years later, but as long as you think that there is a possibility, he will not change the idea that he needs to accept Vanderou.

However, Pulver and Mari, who can use the same magecraft as Vandalou, are absorbing the missing pieces of the soul of Gudulanis. That’s why we shouldn’t be a priority over Vandaloo even if we care about anything.

(At least, they won't try to find them and kill them at the risk of exhausting themselves before they kill me in this battle. If you think about it that way, it might be most convenient for them to be in the current situation where they pretend to be aiming for Talosheim while continuing to fight against golems that aren't very strong until I come out.)

I didn't approach Talosheim, where preparations for a full-scale interception and traps were probably prepared, and I waited for Vandalieu to appear. Vandalieu thought that might be why Heinz and his friends were moving so slowly.

...If that's the case, it may seem foolish to have prepared so much, but it's better than not being prepared and causing damage.

Also, apart from Heinz, we are not sure what Bellwood and Alda are thinking, so let's not let our guard down until we kill them.

"Ah, the golems were wiped out."

As I was doing this, I ran out of golems to stop me faster than expected.

``...For now, I'm heading straight to False Talosheim, so can I just leave it alone?'' Fake Talosheim also has that. If possible, I would like to settle the matter without showing it to anyone.''

In the fake Talosheim, there are multiple buildings that were absolutely necessary to recreate a city that looks exactly like the real thing... golems made of gigantic Vandalieu statues, and a demon lord built into them. That will probably stop me for a while.

"Next time, it's my mother's place."

Vandalieu then headed to the Duchy of Jahan, where Darcia was fighting.

Alda, the ``god of law and destiny'', released the gods who broke the seals around the world, but he did not touch the holy country of Amid, the cities of its vassals, or the capital of the Duchy of Fazon.

This was because Vandalieu would not have placed his forces in those places, and although he had decided that it didn't matter if the number of humans surviving as a result of this battle was in the thousands, he also did not think that the number of believers would be reduced to a pointless point before the battle was over.

However, multiple gods were released against the Duchy of Jahan. Although the Duchy of Jahan is a land with many pious Alda believers, it has already been exposed to Vandalieu's influence, and it is only a matter of time before the people become corrupted (converting to the Vida faction), and although it is a painful thing, they have decided that if it can be reduced now, it should be reduced.

And above all, there is Darcia, the ``incarnation of Vida''.

“Vida-sama~! ”

Shaking the earth, a beast king with three eyes, huge fangs, and wings on his back was approaching Darcia, breathing heavily.

“Come on, Vida-sama! Let's have a child! This Vafowald has decided to become the father of a new beast race! ”

``Demon Elephant Evil Beast King'' Vafovard. Although he collapsed in the battle with the Demon King's army, he survived by taking over the evil god that tried to devour him and fused with him, and he only thought of Vida in a bad way.

"I'm sorry! I'll talk to Vida about it later!"

And Darcia, who was mistaken by Vafovald to be Vida herself due to her use of [Goddess Advent], fought while flying through the sky with magic items to keep them away from the city of Jahan Duchy.

Also to protect Vafovard and the others.

『ＢＹＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ！』

Bjazekbjökt, the ``evil god of cloudy light'' who looks like nothing more than a collection of mirror balls the size of a human child, fires a ray of light containing poison that cannot be done by the physical laws of this world towards Darcia along with Vafovald.

"[Kokuhikabe]! Hey, you big guy! Don't you even think about the hardships of those who protect you!"

"Mom, he's lost his mind because of the Demon King's soul fragment. No matter what you say, he won't hear you."

Zadiris uses magic to create a barrier that bends light and bends Bjazekbyokt's rays, and Basdia cuts the glowing sphere that makes up the evil god in two.

"I know, but I can't help but say it. You idiots."

As Zadiris said with a look of amazement, Vafovald wasn't the only one who confused Darcia with Vida and approached her.

“I will be the first to have a child with Vida-sama! The sea needs not only mermaids, but also marine mammals! ”

The ``Sea Elephant Beast King'' Toothordo raises his fangs and threatens Vafovard.

“What! ? Are you interfering with the relationship between me and Vida-sama? ?　Excuse me! ”

“The men will settle the matter! ”

The two glared at each other, showing off their fangs.

"Stop it! Don't fight here!"

Darcia rushes to stop the fight between the two beast kings over Vida, who has descended on her. Because it's still close to town.

I thought about releasing [Goddess Advent], but Vida's anger won't subside. Probably because he is furious at what Arda has done to the gods who adore him.

In fact, thanks to bringing Vida down, I was able to quickly defeat and seal away one of the evil gods from the remnants of the Demon King's army that appeared at the same time as Byazekbyokt.

However, as Vafovard and Toothord appeared and stirred up the situation, the war situation became a strange three-way situation.

“I can’t ignore it.”

Then, countless demon lords gathered together...Vandalu appeared.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Knochen

・Two names: [Bankodono] [Concert venue] [Giant of bones and flesh]

・Rank: 16

・Species: Bornestopia Dragigas

・Level: 52

・Passive skills

dark vision

Super strength: 2Lv (UP!)

Bone body precision manipulation: 6Lv

Physical resistance: 10Lv

Absorption super recovery (bone): 3Lv

Large fortress form: 2Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Citadel form: 2Lv

Ability value enhancement: Creator: 2Lv

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 10Lv (UP!)

Magic resistance: 6Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Dragon form: 2Lv (UP!)

・Active skills

Stealth: 2Lv

Breath [Dragon Poison]: 2Lv (UP!)

High speed flight: 9Lv

Injection: 10Lv

Architecture: 7Lv

Instrument performance: 4Lv

Butoh: 5Lv

Familiar demon: 4Lv (UP!)

Demolition: 5Lv

Size change: 3Lv

Cooperation: 6Lv

Martial arts: 3Lv

Dragon form: 2Lv (UP!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Bone group manipulation: 3Lv

Colony: 3Lv

Vida's protection

Roger Fifi's protection

Soul body: 1Lv

Group thinking: 1Lv

The next episode will be posted on October 13th.