Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short story 55: New gods and demigods descend

In "Earth", Rikudou Hijiri was a human being who, when humanity was divided into those who were superior and those who were not, was divided into those who were superior.

He had excellent grades, was good at sports, had many friends, and was relied upon as class president. However, it is not ``particularly excellent''. Rikudou Hijiri evaluated himself as ``excellent among ordinary people''.

When I was young, I tried to be the best. Whether it's studying, sports, arts and crafts, or anything else. And I was able to actually become the best.

However, I gradually realized that it was a small society...I was only the best in the first grade of elementary school.

There are many people who are smarter than me, and many people who are better at baseball and soccer than me. The same goes for art or anything else.

By the time I entered high school, I was aware of this and fully accepted it. I even thought that life was about realizing that I wasn't special and aiming to become a better person within the ``normal'' world.

Of course, he also knew that there was a way to deviate from the ``normal'' framework. Just take a job that normal people don't or can't do.

Athletes, artists, doctors, police officers, Self-Defense Forces, and politicians. It must be special to become the top in your respective world in such a profession.

People who work in such jobs may say things like, ``I'm no different from normal people.'' However, Rokudou thinks that is not the case. This is because the total number of people who are at the top of these industries is what percentage of the total human race. Who is the artist? What about the doctor? What about the police, Self-Defense Forces (soldiers), and politicians? To be considered normal, the total number of people working in these occupations should exceed several tens of percent. Ordinary... in other words, if you're talking about people who aren't unusual or anything, then the city should be full of famous athletes, world-famous artists, doctors, police chiefs, chiefs of staff, and former ministers.

However, Rokudou had no desire to pursue any of those professions. This is because I had no idea that I had such talent, and my environment was not that favorable.

It is unlikely that you will be able to achieve your goal even if you aim for it. He wants to be special, not a failure in life.

So, Rokudou gave up and lived his life as normal, but his life came to an unexpected end when the ferry he took on a school trip was seized by terrorists, blown up, and sank.

And then, a new life began with Rodcorte.

"Origin" is a world similar to "Earth" except that magic exists, World War II does not occur, and there are differences in history. In that world, he was reborn with the cheat abilities of [increased learning speed] and [nullified growth restrictions].

The two cheat abilities cannot be clearly seen objectively. However, the more Rokudou learned, the more knowledge he accumulated, and his physical abilities continued to improve.

Rokudou Hijiri was overjoyed, thinking that with this, he could become special in any field. However, he soon remembered that there were 99 reincarnated people just like him. Even if he were a human in this world, wouldn't it be difficult to stand on top of a reincarnated person who has the same cheat ability as him?

Because of the [fate] that Rodcorte was talking about, I was reuniting with friends and acquaintances from my previous life, and that thought passed. However, when Hiroto Amemiya suggested forming the Bravers, he took the initiative and cooperated.

If I gather other reincarnated people and learn their abilities, I might be able to overcome it if I have the power to [nullify growth restrictions]. Besides, if you are in a position to control an organization, you should be able to become a special person who can command superhumans. Because that's what I thought.

He then formed an organization and made all the reincarnated people belong to it, but it turned out that the former attempt was impossible. This was because the cheat abilities given to the reincarnated people were more flashy than he had thought and seemed to be supernatural powers.

It's not something that can be imitated by honing your physical ability or sense, and it's difficult to reproduce even if you hone your magic. It was just such a special power.

Although I put in a lot of effort, the only thing I was able to achieve was the title of one of the top magicians in [Bravers]. However, all reincarnated people have the talent to become first-class magicians. Hiroto Amemiya is at the top of the list.

Therefore, no matter how good his magic skills are, he is not well received by the general public. The average person cannot understand excellent technique just by looking at it. Only those with a certain level of skill can do it.

Therefore, Rokudou shifted to controlling the [Bravers]. Since I can't return to Rodcorte and receive other cheat abilities, I have no choice but to do so. Thinking that way was a natural progression for him, as he didn't know that even if he died in Origin, he would be reincarnated in another world.

Yes, the purpose was to dominate. His purpose was not to betray him, but to accumulate accomplishments and achievements in order to increase the influence of the organization.

However, he found out. The existence of death attribute magic.

Magic that can only be used by one person in the world, an "undead" who later turns out to be a reincarnated person. If you can use it, you can become special. Rokudou was convinced of that.

Then, as I continued my research hidden from my friends, my beliefs were proven to be correct. If you can master death-attribute magic, you won't be a special human being, you could even become a god.

From then on, [Bravers] ceased to be an organization to which Rokudou belonged, and instead became nothing more than a stepping stone that he used to become special. He gathered people who could be used as pawns in the event of betrayal, and eliminated those who were difficult to use or who would become an obstacle.

They went very well. No one caught wind of his plan, and Amamiya and the others never became suspicious.

The success in crushing and eliminating the [Inspector], [Oracle], [Uruz], [Gazer], and [Clairvoyance] was also significant. After all, Amemiya is just a normal human being given special abilities.

He is on a different level from people like me who should reach God.

Everything went so well that Rokudou thought so. That probably wasn't right. When he reached the stage where he finally reached the realm of God, he found himself in a predicament.

It's not like I didn't think about unexpected troubles or unforeseen circumstances. In particular, the experimental subject that gave him the code name ``Black Maria'', ``Metamorph'', once experienced an abnormality when he was using it as a shadow warrior.

That's why I devised double and triple strategies and started the operation with all possible precautions.

However, what awaited him was a nightmare in which an unknown monster appeared at the Amemiya residence and traveled around the world, destroying his plans.

Yes, it's a nightmare. With an unreasonableness that can only be described as such, Rokudo's plans failed one after another. Preliminary measures such as having a suspect sneak into the police and monitoring means of transportation such as aircraft and ships ended up being a total waste.

The monster then joined up with the Bravers, and the same people he had betrayed attacked in what looked like nothing more than disguises. When I received the report, I was so shocked that I thought my mind and eyes had gone crazy.

However, it turns out that what Amemiya and the others are wearing are powered suits made with super technology that exceeds the latest technology known to Rokudou, and he is forced into a corner even more.

The reincarnated people and the monsters are equipped with the crystals of such super technology. This is because I have come to understand that I will not be able to win if I am attacked by both of them at the same time.

Since that was the case, there was only one course of action that Rokudou could take. It is not retreat, surrender, or suicide.

Rokudou himself believes that there is a high possibility of success. Other than myself...[Metamol] was successful. The data obtained when experimenting on her is used to further improve the level of perfection.

However, even if I succeed, I don't know if I can become a perfect death-attribute magician. However, I couldn't give up without trying.

When I pulled the trigger and felt the impact, I lost consciousness...and then woke up.

(This... was a success!)

I opened my eyelids, and through the culture solution and capsule, I saw a lump of flesh that was me lying on the ground, bleeding from its head.

At the same time, I realized that I was missing something that had made me up until just a moment ago. But I didn't feel a sense of loss. On the contrary, I felt intoxicated by the sense of accomplishment that sent shivers down my spine.

I felt as if I had been reborn as a more refined version of myself by shedding unnecessary muscles, fat, and distractions... no, I was sure of it.

At this moment, the Rikudou Hijiri has been completed.

“...Fuhahahahahahahaha! I have finally obtained the power to control death and this world! ”

With those words, Rokudou released magical power and shattered the capsule from the inside, achieving his third birth.

Rodcorte, who failed to capture his soul, must be extremely bitter by now...but Rokudou has no way of knowing that, as he never even dreamed that he was destined to be reincarnated in another world in his next life.

"Success! From the code name 'Ark Avalon'... there's a tremendous death-attribute magic reaction from the new Rokudou-san!"

"This is 10 million, 20 million...80 million! We've reached 80 million!"

"The number of 'undead' did not exceed 100 million, but it was enough. The birth of a new god!"

The reincarnated people and engineers who were watching the Six Paths experiment cheered.

In the experiment conducted on [Metamor], instead of killing her and reincarnating her, they simply erased her elemental qualities and made her learn death-attribute magic.

However, Rokudou killed himself and placed his soul in a new body that he named ``Ark Avalon''. He used his own technology to create reincarnation... a system of reincarnation.

As a result, by losing his elemental qualities, an ``empty slot'' was created, just like Vandalieu, and he was able to accumulate a huge amount of magical power there.

This is the same as Vandalieu manipulating the souls of the dead with magical power and making them inhabit new bodies, but the level of perfection as a system is different.

For example, what Vandalieu does is handicrafts. It's like spinning thread and weaving cloth with your own hands. However, Rokudo went to industry. They created working machines and used machines operated by independent power to spin thread, weave cloth, and make clothes.

Compared to the system that Rodcorte controls to operate the reincarnations of multiple worlds, the scale is extremely small, and the precision can only be described as crude. But it's the same thing.

At this moment, Rikudou Hijiri truly surpassed Vandalieu as an ``undead'' when it came to reincarnation, and reached the work of God.

“M-Mr. Rokudou? ”

The President of the United States calls out to Rokudou through the monitor. ``Ark Avalon'' is a body cultivated based on the genes of the Six Paths, so its facial features are the same. However, as a result of various adjustments made to increase his affinity with death-attribute magic, his height grew to nearly three meters, and as a result of all the hair roots on his body dying, he became a skinhead.

It can't be helped that they can't immediately understand that Rokudou and ``Ark Avalon'' are the same person. Rokudo noticed this and smiled.

"Yes, it's me, President. I died in front of you all and was reborn. A true death-attribute magician...no, as a god."

Rokudou spoke arrogantly, keeping his tone soft. Some of the collaborators on the other side of the monitor frowned slightly at this attitude, but they didn't show any signs of discomfort.

In Origin, one of the criteria for being a top-class magician is whether or not the number of magical power measured by a machine is 10,000. Considering that as a standard, it would not be strange to say that the current Six Paths with 80 million magical powers could be described as gods.

"I can feel the power flowing through my entire body... How are my vitals?"

"Yes! Body temperature is about 20 degrees, heart rate and brain waves...unmeasurable!? No, I can't believe it's a living human being!"

The researcher reports surprising numbers, but Rokudou doesn't show any particular reaction other than saying "Huh."

Judging by the numbers on his vitals, it seems like he is brain dead and on the verge of cardiac arrest. However, after being reborn in a new body, his senses were clear and his consciousness was clear. In fact, I feel even better than before.

Now, I might be able to fight tanks like [Balor]. No, it's definitely possible. With such a feeling of omnipotence, Rokudou stretched out his hand in the direction of no one.

"Flame, become a force and fly out of my hands, [fireball]"

However, no spherical flame was released from Rokudou's hands.

"Huh, as per the experiment, it seems that the other attributes are disappearing. I don't feel like I can use magic that used to be as simple as childish play at all now. But...I think it was [Onibi]."

Rokudou chanted a short spell, and this time a blue-white flame lit up in his hand. The engineers and reincarnated people, who knew that it was death-attribute flame, let out a cry of admiration.

“Mr. Rokudo! Let's give generous praise to the success of the experiment! But right now, I don't have the time to celebrate or examine it! ”

Hearing the words of the President of the United States, Rokudo returned his gaze to the monitor. They shouldn't know the exact situation of this base, but they seem to have guessed that Rokudou was being cornered because he had taken a risky bet.

"Ah, that's right. Excuse me, I just forgot."

``That's quite a bit of leeway, but isn't there a problem? ”

Then, the representatives of the Republic of China and the Nordic Federation asked with impatience evident in their voices and faces. Since they were able to receive direct reports from the subordinates guarding this place, they were able to accurately know that they were in a predicament.

For these people, the Six Paths is their last hope. Rokudou answered them with a strong nod.

"Yes, there is no problem. I will deal with it directly. But first..."

Rokudo used death-attribute magic in the same way as space-attribute magic.

“T-this is it!?”

"[Transfer]!? Idiot, [Transfer] is supposed to be a high-level magic with a spatial attribute! Even if it's a close range, it can handle such a large number of people at once...!?"

The next moment, Rokudou, along with the reincarnated people and engineers around him, was [transported] to the conference room shown on the monitor...in front of the president.

“Is this the same death-attribute magic as one of the Eighth Guidance members?”

"That's right. However, it is more advanced magic than that failed work. It was [transferred] to beings who were destined to die someday, in other words, to you."

“S-You’re going to die!?”

"Anyway, you're just humans who aren't immortal yet, so of course you're aware that you're destined to die someday, right?"

Those who understood the meaning of the Six Paths' words felt a chill run down their spines. Rokudou said that it is possible to [transfer] to beings who are destined to die...in other words, to be near all of humanity, even right next to a newborn baby.

The level of danger is not comparable to Jack from ``The Eighth Guidance''. Security around the world becomes meaningless.

However, that sense of crisis quickly disappeared from their minds as Rokudou continued to speak.

"Now then, let's make you all immortal."

"W-what?! Is that true!"

The people here, other than the representatives of the Republic of China and the Nordic Federation, are those who sold their countries for the sake of immortality. If you were told that it would give you the dream of immortality, there's no way you wouldn't jump at it.

"Of course. If you all became immortal, we would be able to reduce the number of people we need to protect. This is the correct response in an emergency."

"But can we become immortal that easily? Isn't there a need for a ritual?"

In "Origin", where magic exists in addition to science, not only surgical operations but also magical rituals are performed. Presidents believed that they must undergo an extensive ceremony to become immortal.

"No. Just do it like this."

Rokudou released a black magic power towards the president of an African country who asked him back. The magical power surrounds the surprised president and disappears as if being sucked into him.

"Oh, oh!? This is... oooooooo!?"

Immediately after that, the African president scratched his chest in pain, then covered his right eye and threw his head back.

“What does this mean!?”

A general from an African country who also served as his SP immediately pulled out a gun and pointed it at Rokudou. However, the next moment the president stood up and cheered.

"Oh! I can see, I can see my blind right eye... It's not a prosthetic eye, it's a real eye! It means I don't need the pacemaker that was surgically implanted anymore!"

In his palm was a prosthetic eye and a pacemaker that had been ejected from his body, and a regenerated eyeball was in his right eye socket.

Seeing this, the presidents and military officials of other countries, presidents of large global corporations, and bigwigs from the underworld rush to the Six Paths in an attempt to obtain immortality.

He gave them the power of immortality without discrimination.

"Let me tell you, you haven't become immortal superhumans. Your physical abilities are now equal to those of a healthy body, and now that the limiter in your brain has been removed, you may feel like you've improved, but..."

Rokudo continued to explain with a smile to his collaborators who cheered at the realization of his ambition. Using the death-attribute magic he had just learned, he simply stopped the functions of the genes that control aging and the parts of the bodies of his collaborators that restrict their natural healing power, and prevented the cells from turning into cancerous cells, so it was not much effort or effort.

I thought it was only natural that I should do something like that for the people who worked so hard for my goals, even if it was just to make their own desires come true. Without their cooperation, we would not have been able to reach this day. It is natural to be grateful.

"After all, it falls within the category of humans. It's unreasonable--are you ignoring me? You're on the level of a lower creature."

“Gah!?”

Of course, I know that it is correct. Even if you make a mistake, don't grab the president of a major newspaper company who praises Rokudo by the neck and try to crush him.

“Gugee!?”

However, by the time Rokudo noticed it, he had crushed the head of the president of a major newspaper company before anyone around him could stop him.

“Mister!? W-what are you planning on doing!?”

“Rokudo-san!?”

Some of them stepped back as if they were frightened, while others readied the guns and magic media they had brought with them. Moriya and the others are waiting for Rokudou's instructions, wondering what is going on.

Basking in their gaze, Rokudou abandoned the man who was the president of a major newspaper company on the spot, feeling as exhilarated as after crushing a flying insect around his ear. Then he answered in a calm tone.

"What are you planning on doing? The original plan was for you to rule various parts of the new world with me at the top. That would be the most efficient way to rule over a large number of humans.

Even if he is a former politician who sells his country for the sake of immortality.''

Even if Rokudou calls himself a god, most of humanity won't recognize him. In the sacred texts of their religion, it is not written that the Rikudou Hijiri is a god. Besides, Rokudou himself doesn't do anything that is typical of the gods of each religion. Rather, it's probably some kind of demon that uses immortality as bait to confuse people.

Therefore, the presence of collaborators was important even after the plan was successful. This is because I used to think that even if I successfully wiped out Amemiya and the others and obtained death-attribute magic, I would have little chance of winning if I made the world my enemy.

"However, the circumstances have changed. Due to the failed attempt to dispose of them, Amemiya and the others come rushing in wearing powered suits that look like disguises, and even the [copies] are killed by unknown monsters. In the United States, a coup d'état was successful and General Sergei became president. Similar things are happening in several other countries as well."

"A coup d'etat!? You're such an idiot...!"

The President of the United States...the former President of the United States falls to his knees. Rokudo raised his hand to comfort him.

"And above all else, now that I have become immortal, all of you who have become immortal just look like ugly pussies. I'm so disgusted that I want to crush you."

Then, he released a mass of magical power from his hand and crushed the former president's head like a ripe fruit. No matter how much we remove the limitations of natural healing power, there is nothing we can do about this.

"Oh, that's it! We've done everything for you! Isn't that so!?"

"That's right. So I guess I should feel bad about it."

While replying, the cold air released turned the boss of the drug organization into an ice statue.

"However, even if I kill all of you who have become immortal and take away their bio-energy, I will only feel the same emotion as when I crushed a mosquito. Hmm, I wonder why? Has your mind changed due to being reincarnated in a new body?"

"You're going to take away my bio-energy!? You had that intention from the beginning...lol!"

A general or something from some country fires a flaming blade towards the Six Paths. Other former collaborators also pulled the trigger of their guns and unleashed magic to attack Rokudou.

"Don't get me wrong. It's just an incidental thing that I'm stealing your bio-energy. That's not why I'm killing you."

However, they were blocked by the barrier set up by the Six Paths.

"We're just getting rid of them because you're an eyesore and we can't help it."

Then, the barrier was released in the form of a shock wave, blowing away the former collaborators. They were supposed to have overcome old age, but one after another their lives were taken away by the man who gave them their powers.

Currently, the spirit of the Six Paths has been swallowed up by the sudden increase in death-attribute magic power. He became the embodiment of death, named Rokudou Hijiri. That's why presidents who are far from dead are an eyesore. Just like vampires and demons hate crosses and the Bible in legends.

At the same time, Rokudo was drunk. A versatile feeling that wields overwhelming power. It seems foolish to me to have kept Derrick, a Chiron, away from me, who had abilities similar to my own.

"What do you mean! You're a devil, you've become a devil instead of a god!"

In the next moment, the European Union representative who was shouting that was torn to pieces with a cry of death. They didn't realize it, but God and the devil are similar beings. There is a difference between calling a devil that we can understand God, and calling a god that we cannot understand a devil.

“Do you think our country will get away with it for free by doing something like this?”

The representative of the Republic of China exclaimed while wiping the pieces of the representative of the European Union that were scattered on his face, and took out a remote control from his pocket. When I looked, I saw that the representative of the Nordic Federation had also taken out a short staff that looked like a fountain pen. They are sent by countries that have chosen to cooperate with the Six Paths, rather than betraying them like the President of the United States. While serving as a conduit between the homeland and the Six Paths, he is also an observer.

The Republic of China and the Nordic Federation were secretly preparing to take a leading position in a new world where immortal humans would dominate those who were not.

However, if the Rokudo becomes useless or betrays them, the two major powers that provide the land and defense forces for this home base will not hesitate to resort to emergency measures.

“Glory to our country!”

A representative from the Nordic Federation chants a keyword, and a representative from the Republic of China presses a button on the remote control. Five seconds later, this underground base was supposed to explode and collapse.

This was possible because both countries had been involved since the construction, but they had planted explosives and magic items with explosive magic into the building materials.

This base would collapse, and not only Rokudou and themselves, but also the invading Bravers and monsters, research records, and experimental subjects would be swallowed up by the rubble and buried in darkness... It was supposed to be.

"Did you think I wasn't aware of the bomb you guys planted?"

But, just like that, Rokudou [transferred]...and reappeared. Beside him, a number of concrete and metal lumps covered in black magic are floating.

And even after five seconds had passed, there was no sign of an explosion. There was only one possible conclusion.

“No way, that was us… [transferred] to the source of the deadly bomb using death-attribute magic, collected it in such a short time, and returned!?”

"Damn, the magic item isn't working!? Is this also death-attribute magic!?"

Rokudou said with a smile to the two who were confused and repeatedly operated the remote control and short cane.

``Originally, I had no intention of betraying him, and I was confident that he would produce results, so I left him alone...but it's also troublesome to have to use Yokoyari to defeat Amamiya and that monster.

Shall I ask you to pick it up?”

Then he turned his hand towards the two and chanted a spell. Then, the two figures and the bombs planted by their respective countries disappear at the same time.

"R-Rokudo-san...?"

"I didn't do much, Moriya. I just returned them to their respective countries. To the center of the country. As expected, the explosion didn't reach this far."

It's common sense that if you're a developing country, or if you're the center of a major power, there are various mechanisms in place to prevent you from being [transferred] using space-attribute magic. Rokudou ignored this and said he had sent a representative and a bomb.

"As expected of Rokudo-san. Even though he can no longer use other attribute magic, he is already mastering death attribute magic!"

"Ah, even though I lost my talent, I haven't lost my memory. I'm just applying my skills to death-attribute magic."

Although there are some differences in how to use attribute magic for each attribute, there are actually many things in common. In particular, [Onibi] has no heat and its shape is just like flame, and [Transfer] is almost a space-attribute magic.

Therefore, it can be learned in a short time by applying the Six Paths attribute magic techniques and control techniques.

For Rokudou, his current action was to get rid of the eyesore he had created, but it was also a way to practice his skills to confirm it.

However, the slaughter gave Rokudou even more power.

"Rokudou-san! The number on the magic meter has increased even more! The magic power is over 80 million!"

Rather than being depleted, the magical power of the Six Paths was increasing.

"Huh, it looks like the [Growth Restriction Nullification] ability is still valid. The more magic you use, the more your magical power increases...! Moriya, even if you guys know that, are you still going to follow me?"

Moriya and his friends were shocked when they were asked this question suddenly. Rokudou has just massacred his collaborators in front of his eyes. It wasn't because he was betrayed either, but because he was the one who betrayed her.

Moreover, the power of the Six Paths has increased as a result. That doesn't mean he won't do the same to Moriya and the others.

"Are you kidding me, Rokudou-san? No, God. We risked our lives on you. Immortality is attractive, but that's not the only purpose."

Each of the Moriyas betrayed the Bravers and joined Rokudou for their own reasons. Some are dissatisfied with Amemiya or are just looking for a thrill, while others hope for a new world ruled by the Six Paths.

"Besides, there's nothing I can do if I run away from you now. The ladder has already been removed, so I wouldn't be bothered if you asked me."

When Moriya said that, the other reincarnated people nodded in agreement. The researchers who were just present were at a loss, but they knew they had no other choice, so they eventually followed.

"Fine. I won't give you the power of immortality, but I will have you fight with me until the end...But first, I have a guest."

Rokudou sensed the presence of death in the sky above here...that a bomber was approaching, using his [Danger Sense: Death]. Apparently a representative from the Nordic Federation or the Republic of China had contacted the nearest base to bomb this place before he died.

It was a very thorough preparation, but it seems that just trying to bring down this place with a bomb wasn't enough.

"However, the presence of death I feel is smaller than that of Amemiya and the monsters... but that's fine. I will make this a world of death as I wish. However, it will be a world of death where I reign!"

Rokudo radiated death-attribute magic power like a shock wave. It penetrated the structure and struck everything but the life he had removed from its target.

“What, what is this!?”

Amemiya and the others were startled by the sudden wave of black magic power, but they withstood it with ease. I can hardly even remember the impact, let alone the damage.

However, the beasts they had been fighting until just now fell down one after another.

"I understand. This is death-attribute magic. However, it is not a god or a saint."

"What a horrible thing! It just sucks up life and doesn't offer any comfort at all!"

When Yukijorou and Bokor shouted that, Amemiya and his friends knew that this was death-attribute attack magic.

"Is this the work of Rokudou!? Shit, I didn't make it in time!"

"But why are we safe? We didn't even use any defensive magic...I wonder if it's because of this suit."

Just as Amemiya said as he grabbed the end of his cloak, the reason they were safe was due to the performance of the transformation equipment. Normal powered suits in this world are not considered to be subject to death-attribute magic, but the creator of the transformation equipment is the death-attribute magician himself.

Naturally, it is made to protect against death-attribute magic. ...Rather, it cannot be made so that it does not protect against death-attribute magic. Because I don't know of such a method.

"Then, Mei and Hiroshi are safe. Let's move on! There's no time left!"

The pilot of the Republic of China bomber, which scrambled after receiving a call announcing the emergency, headed towards the target location with a look of anger and tension on his face.

He is angry because he has received information that his country's capital has been attacked by someone and the highest enforcement agency has collapsed.

The pilots were not in a position to know what their country was doing behind the scenes, but considering the timing, the bombing targets were unlikely to be unrelated.

“What!?”

However, before reaching the target point, I saw something like a black dome rapidly expanding from the ground. It quickly grows in size and reaches a bomber flying thousands of meters above the ground.

“Headquarters has been attacked by some kind of attack… AAAAAAAAAH!?”

Something like a black dome... The pilot was hit by a death-attribute shock wave released by Rokudou, and his life force was taken away from him, turning him into a mummy and dying within a few seconds.

Around the bomber, which lost its pilot and crashed, there were also other dead birds crashing in the same way.

A few seconds before the death shock wave was released, Mei suddenly said, ``The old men say it's dangerous.'' Hirotatsu didn't know what was going on, but Bander immediately started moving.

“Everyone, except Hiroshi, stay close to me! Ulrika, please try activating [Echo].''

“Eh! ? ”

Ignoring the surprised Hirotatsu, Bander extended his tentacles and spread his membrane wings to protect the experimental subjects who were not equipped with transformation equipment.

“It’s slimy and disgusting!?”

"Mamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

"Oh God! Oh God! Finally, I will become God's sacrifice!"

"I'll give everything, everything!"

The victim who had not met the banders in the dream and the victim who had seen them screamed with completely opposite emotions.

"Don't worry, everyone! Bander is just protecting everyone! He won't be sacrificed, and it won't be a problem if he is sacrificed!"

Mari soothes the victims, but the only ones who listen to her are the victims who were led by Vandalieu like herself. However, as nearly half of them listened, the other half calmed down somewhat.

"I was able to bounce it back, but there was no response. Is this death-attribute magic!? If so, who is it?"

"Amemiya and the others said it was Rokudou. When I told them that we were safe, they replied that they would hurry onward."

Mari teaches this to Ulrika, who has not connected to Angel because she is worried that it will have a negative effect on her due to her mental instability and frequent panic attacks.

“The uncle of Rokudou! ? I knew he was a bad guy, but was he really that bad? ”

“…Which one did you know, or didn’t you?”

“Because! It can't be helped since it didn't hit me until I came here! ”

Up until then, Hiroshi had been taught verbally by Banders that Rokudou and Moriya were bad people, but up until now Banders had prevented Hiroshi from seeing the horrific scene. Therefore, I couldn't really feel it.

However, after seeing the captured experimental subjects and the undead, which Bander didn't think was a gruesome sight, this development occurred right after he finally felt the reality.

It seems that understanding has finally caught up with Hiroshi.

"I see. Is that so?"

Neither Gabriel nor Mari would make fun of Hiroshi, calling him a child. Gabriel himself was aware that he was still a minor, and he knew that Rokudou was the mastermind from the beginning, not that he knew it right from the start.

Even Mari had no doubts about Rokudo before he was made a Kagemusha.

“I will never forgive you! ”

"I feel the same way, but please don't make such a loud noise while dressed like that. I'm fine, but I'm scared of small children."

Hiroshi's current appearance is a monster that is approximately three meters long, has a muscular body, and has multiple giant eyeballs on its head, shoulders, and back, thanks to the transformation equipment Bander gave him.

“Ugh! ? But why does she look so scary? My dad's ones were cool! ”

"No, that's just crude equipment with about a third of it containing harassment."

Hiroto Amemiya's transformation equipment, which had the name of the Bravers on it, was intended to advertise that even though it was a traitor to the Bravers who caused this incident, it was also the Bravers who worked hard to solve it. However, it also included harassment against him for revealing that the true identity of the ``undead'' was Hiroto Amamiya.

``In addition, it is a masterpiece that specializes in defense and is several times better as a magic medium than normal transformation equipment. It uses several hundred times more metal than normal braces.''

Most importantly, as a result of heavy use of death-attribute magic metal, it had the major drawback of being unable to use anything other than death-attribute and non-attribute magic when worn. Moreover, Vandalieu, who can use [Demon King's Fragment] a lot, has a defensive power that is only good enough for him not to wear it.

It is a costume-type transformation device that was created as a result of Vandalieu's efforts to increase his defense power in order to protect Hiroshi.

“Isn’t it cool?”

``Hmm, Mei says so... but wow, here we come again! ”

As they were talking, Rokudo once again released a shockwave of death-attribute magic. It seems that this time, they are planning to spread a shock wave like a barrier, turning this entire area into a space where just entering will be drained of life force.

“Is there more magic power in the Six Paths than you expected? Does that mean he's growing faster than I thought? If we don't do this well, it might reach not only the area around this facility, but also the nearby town...or even the other side of the ocean.''

Even though he guessed so, Bander didn't feel any sense of crisis. Tens of thousands to hundreds of millions of people will die as a result of this magic of the Six Paths, but they are strangers to him.

(The God of Origin should be wary of the Six Paths. If the Six Paths' magical power continues to increase, this continent and the surrounding ocean may turn into a dead world where even bacteria cannot survive in a matter of days.)

Moreover, he has no responsibility to protect human life in this world. They do not pay taxes, are not protected by law, and have no social standing. Since there are no rights, there are no obligations.

That kind of thing, including the aftermath, can be left to Amemiya and the others.

“Bander?”

``But, well, there are some familiar faces on TV and in the park...and there are fans of Pluto and the others. I can't help it.''

“Shall I break some bones?”

The next moment that voice echoed out of nowhere, a crack ran through the void, and something indescribable spilled out from within.

Limbs twisted haphazardly into countless tentacles, eye sockets filled with countless eyeballs, skin covered in scales and body hair, and horns and bones that grew like dead trees.

It spread out in a dome shape centered around the location of Rokudou's headquarters, suppressing his death-attribute magic.

Somehow I was able to post before the date changed (sweat)

The next episode is scheduled to be posted on May 6th, but I apologize if it's delayed.