Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 358: I...I am Vandalieu

[Super power], [Super speed regeneration], [Super power], [Super power], [Super power], [Super power]

[Category Disposal], [Category Reinforcement], [Category Reinforcement], [Category Reinforcement], [Category Reinforcement Speed Up], [Category Reinforcement Speed Up] was a、ned!

ing the intense battle, Vandalou looked at how many high ranked monsters were defeated through his own and the eyes of the Witch King. And I saw the disappearance of the artificial spirit over rank 13.

“How did you do this?”

He answered the Rita question while tilting his neck.

"I hoped that the job change level can beストed so far, I chose Pluto first. Then, the level wasストed as expected. Next, I chose “Mankakuden”, but this was also very easy. And finally, I chose the soul fighter.

The skill level was higher. I know that I should be delighted because I will be in the fight against Gudulanis, but it seems to be guided to the gods of status, and it is a subtle mood.

When the gods of the status are heard, they say that they are not different to rebellion, and they did not lead.

And move the gunegne, the front foot, the back foot, and the barefoot to show strange behavior.

“...Dance?”

"No, I see the state of the body because the ability has risen... I can't solve it if it is not the main body."

"The body of that bou-chan was still eating now? Oh, I have no blood in this way.

Lita, a living armor, was disappointed that Vandalu could not absorb blood because the body does not flow blood.

I don't know how to make it. That’s not the only thing we need to draw blood. Levia, Legion, Silky, etc.

I didn’t have a new job.

"The next time of the Pluto is the New King? It is a fight against the former King of the Pluto"

When Sarria asked, Rita changed his mood and started to say what kind of magic he was. Vandaloo, who hears things through the use of the King, looks far away.

“I didn’t have a new job this time.” Next, let's expect

《【D】ing arms】、【D】ing capacity:King臨】、【D魂ing force】、【Gorem creation】、【D】ing spirit】

・Name: Vandaloo Arc Hill Willowダ Zakart

・Type: Dumpire (Mother: Goddess)

Age: 13

・T】 name: [Gour Emperor] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser楽] [Teaser楽] [Teaser】] [Teaser] [Teaser護] [Teaser】] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Thai] [Thai]

・Job: Soul Fighter

・Level:0



・Capacity

・Life force5454,115+(76,329) (37,112UP!)

・Magic power :18,642,333,327+(18,642,333,327) (4,954,571,612UP!)

・Power:105,193+(5,259)85,854UP!)

・Agility :99,527+(4,976) (18,871UP!)

・Facial power:112,603+(5,630) (20,145UP!)

・Intellectual power:142,954+(7,147) ,216UP!)

・Passive skills

Lv(UP!)

Ultra-speed )Lv (UP!)

Psychology:7Lv(UP!)

Invalid status

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Darkness



A詠ning from chanting destruction!



Magic Power: 10Lv

Defending pole reinforcement: 1Lv

Poison : Fang Nail Tongue:10Lv(UP!)

Body Endless Stretch: Tongue

Unfair Attack Force Enhancement: Super Large (UP!)

Body Super EnhancementLvLv(UP!)

Magic Thread Purification: 5Lv(UP!)

Magic Power: 10Lv

Magic Power Recovery Speed: 1Lv

Attack Power Enhancement at Magic Gun Startup: Large

Life Power: 8Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Subject: 10Lv

Ability Enhancement: Vidal Magic Empire: 5Lv

Self - Regrowth: Cousin: 4Lv

Ability Enhancement: Co-food: 4Lv

Time-capacity increase in soul docs: medium (UP!)

Recovery:7Lv

Self-reinforcement: killing: 7Lv

Cane equipped magical power enhancement: maximal (UP!)

All capacity enhancement: inside (UP!)

・アクティブe skills

Blood: 7Lv(UP!)

Limit transverse: 10Lv

Goム Creation:10Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Magic precision control: 7Lv(UP!)

Spirit: 1Lv

Alchemy: 4Lv

Soul Fighter: 10Lv (UP!)

Simultaneous multi-current:8Lv

Surgery:10Lv

Equalization: 7Lv

Guntai:6Lv(UP)

Super Speed Thinking:8Lv(UP!)

General: 5Lv(UP)

Twist: 10Lv

Lv(UP!)

Screaming:10Lv(UP!)

Ghost Magic:7Lv(UP!)

Mao Gunge術Lv(UP!)

Shading arms:10Lv(UP!)

Default transceiver: 5Lv (UP!)

Spirit: 4Lv

Lash:5Lv(UP!)

Spiritual Change: Lightning

Cane Surgery: 5Lv(UP!)

High Speed Flight LvLv

Music: 4Lv

Lv

Muscle: 5Lv(UP!)

Magic: 4Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

10Lv



Psychoerosion:10Lv

Maze Creation:8Lv

大

Home



Soul Bakurai:10Lv

Vida's protection

God's protection of the earth

体d Thinking:10Lv(UP!)

Zantak's Protection

Gun body operation:10Lv(UP!)

Soul Body:6Lv(UP!)

Witch

God of Origin

ク

Zulwarn's protection

Full Recording

5Lv

mutations

King's Body

Home

Botin's protection

Pelia

World

Curse

No previous experience

Existing job failure

Inability to acquire self-power

A sudden change to daemons. Every individual becomes a few steps stronger, and the pace of regeneration and resurrection was faster.

“Nuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

I didn’t get back from Vandalu, across the group of daemons, but I was convinced that Gudulanis had no difference.

If you do a job change, it is impossible to power up. The city of Orbaum, which has the facilities necessary for job change, is a mountain of山ble.

In addition, Gudulanis is only taking Edgar's status. Therefore, I do not know whether job change is possible with the will of Gudulanis. Even if possible, only the jobs that Edgar can choose.

You will not be able to choose special jobs like Vandalou.

“Goooooooooo!”

Screaming sounded, Gudulanis switched thinking. Check the status of the game by再生 the daemons to play.

Then, the Artificial Spirit Gudulanis dow of the Death Attribute is gradually chased by the Darcias.

矢

Dalcia transforms the armor into a bow and releases the arrows made by converging the magic of the life attribute. The arrows that are released from the bow that the magical power of the life attribute increased by the vida of the arms of Verdo, the ethereal spirit of Vida, and the vida, are giving a great pain to Gudulanis・do just by 掠king.

It is a man-made spirit of performance that was created by Gudulanis who resented their coarseness, unlike the coarse copy of Gudulanis who had fallen by Heinz.

“Uohoooooooo!”

He tries to block arrows released by Dalcia by using dead attribute magic. However, it seems that theシアdow had a heavy load to the opponent of Dalcia who left the Vida. It breaks down the junction and gradually sharpens the magical power that const tes the body.

】

』

Then, the Legion thundered in the whole body jumps to the air and repeats the attack per body. Gduranis dow is further connected to the質量elerating large mass and to break down the electricity that is not力 from the magic by [mus術 art].

"Have you! It is good to use magic as much as you like! Until you disappear!"

Gudulanis dow does not have the status of the six-way cheet, which the main body of Gudulanis was on. And because it is not easy to self-recover magical power at high speed, it will be canceled without repetition.

』

“Gシャia Aaria!”

"I don't stop it!"

On the other hand, the artificial spirit Vepard of water and death was dented by the overwhelming mass of kunochen andトat and ghosts of light attributes.

There was a limited amount of Vepard that had a liquid body and had almost no physical attack. The veil kelts that have been released repeatedly from the corners of the撃ot to remove the liquid and transmit the body to continue to release high-speed。.

“Hey! It’s a great Vandalu, and we’re a light warrior, and we’re ready to take you!”

"The products of coarse art will make you happy!"

Dalok is a blade of light that emits high heat, and the よky body of Chiplus becomes a ball of light, and it increases the body of Vepard.

Vepard is also turned off.

"』 BピER ... BギャER!?"

It disappeared in the bombing by a gun of Kwatoro.

And the artificial spirit of wind and death was also caught in the cramped land. Randolph got a new magical sword, and it was great to be able to fight not only the spirit magic but also the game, but the presence of the support arm was deadly.

"[Raptor kick]! [Raptor kick]! Zadilis, please do not showマーク marks!"

“[The Knight of the Winds]! Who should show up! This is a scar of blood absorption... I should not leave it almost!”

“I was Zadris with Kanako. It’s quite high in terms of war, but does the battle of the woman go after?”

Canako who left Vepard to Kunochen and Zadilis after giving blood to Vandalou. The dillice has already obtained blood and physical strength lost by [reinforcement of healing power] and bradpotion of [non-attribute magic], and it uses [bital。s] that changed the tongue rather than a fantasy. In addition, the collaboration with Kanako is breathing like many war friends.

However, I was揉ing in my mouth.

Randolph is also an adventurer and student, but it’s hard to get out because it’s a famous companion of respected teachers and stronger students.

』

"[Wing Axe Slasher]! Yes, both. Let's focus on the battle!

It is a busdia that appeared while throwing a hand axes towards Pazus. As the ally increased, the balance of the fight against Pazus further tilts the Landorufs.

"Oh, there is a trace on the neck! To Busdia! Oh, Van seems to be a person who protects unexpectedly and order, [Muddy viscosity]!"

“Kanako, it’s wild to point out to the voice. And then the van is inhaled, so the order is not much concerned.”

"[Light Blade]! Gina? I heard that the blood of the z e has a low recovery effect?"

"After the blood was removed before, the blood of velmonds that were maintained vividly by surgery was injected. Zandia and Bokes

Zadilis 動き the pads with a high viscosity mud to seal the movement and give damage by adding a central attack before it comes out. From her mouth, Randolph asked how to use z、es that can move without problems, even if they transplant blood with different blood types. He shakes the magical sword while taking a subtle face.

“I don’t know the detailed situation... I don’t make it public.” The use method is highly stimulating in the table society."

In the previous z。e, the blood of Belmond with the unique skills of [funding] is injected and stored. It is a strategy that is effective when you can not call Belmond himself, or when you can not recover with a blood absorption at a time, but if you hear it, it is definitely a strategy.

“It’s okay, it’s all you know about it.”

In Kanako who answered so, Randolph realized that he has already been recognized as Vandaloo’s body, and he screamed in his mind... Instead, he released his attack to Pazs.

"[Blade storm]! [Flade bullet]! [100 flashes of life sword]!"

The 術endous, but sharp S-class adventurer's magic and sword , Pazus resonated with the scream of the ending magic.

The 駒koma that was created was further destroyed, and the 燥koma became larger.

』

"Do you die with your brain?"

[H。d sensing: Death] does not respond at all, the breths of the ruvezfor will be dissolved with the air gun released from [the nose of the Devil], and the fist of the rapie sage that was conf。 to the breth will blow.

“If you lose blood, your body becomes lighter!”

"Tip! I'm glad if I take it again!"

There is aクス and Godwin sword and fist. The twoスキル are faster and heavier than the Rvezfor, which is able to use the skills such as the elephant-free daemon and the 象 or the 魔.

』

The sword is played with a sword, but the shock that could not be prevented is accumulated as damage to the body of Gudulanis.

「【Crazy Axe Rush!】



The axes that are shaken by the arms of the four arms and the 体のine, which are longer than the legs of Vigalo, will be received with a hand sword, but the arms of Gudulanis were broken down and the nose that is born to release air guns.

“Is this a bit too much! Still God who tried to use us with the fellows of Bellwood??”

Gduranis, too irritated, has been abused by Edgar and sixth to support his own skills. However, it is un onable for us.

Edgar’s skills are true because Edgar uses them. In addition, it is not possible to use "Nirtak's protection" as well as "Elimation". And the whole body is made of [the deficiency of the King], but it is a state that is fighting with a simple hand. There are many bad conditions here, so there is no chance to win theクスs.

It is difficult to grow Edgar’s skills in a short time, although there are six-wayトs.

I understand Gudulanis. However, irritation and irritation caused by pain were not tolerated, and irritation and irritation were not tolerated due to the rapid recovery of magic.

“I don’t want to be good, but if you don’t get lost, you can’t lose your death! You’ll see it! Artificial spirit!”

In addition to the Death Attribute Magic, a new artificial spirit is created by squeezing the recovered magical force.

Although there is no reaction to [H d sensing: death], it is unpleasant to continue to be tampered with a number while it is because his in。ct whispered. Malacoda, Pazus, Vepard, and Gudulanis・dow, roared and attempted to attack Vandalou and his friends.

However, at the moment, I remember the prediction of death, and Gudulanis stopped flying to the flight.

"[Burning Holy Light Flash]!"

The武。 of the head of Gudulanis passes through the insufficient martial arts by the holy sword that the honey shakes. The "five-colored blades" that had been suffering from malakoda, but they were aiming for an opportunity to cross the gaps of Gudulanis.

"Ggaiaaaaa..."

When I saw them, Malaccorda was destroyed by a direct shot of the [Burning Holy Light Flash]. Gudulanis thought that if he suffered from artificial spirits while descent the bellwood, he would not know how to deal with malachoda or how to deal with power. However, in fact, I heard the opportunity without defeating Malacoda.

'You can go!'

In fact, there was no room for the honeys, but Gudulanis re-evaluates the honeys to be wary, and the newly created pazus and Gudulanis・dow are united together. ......The newly created Vepard was destroyed by both the two bodies and the one of the puzzes.

』

』

The two remaining malachodas and the gudulanis・dow will start to kick off the daemons, and immediately start to fight with theクスs.

“Is it possible to create eight bodies at a time?”

"Delete! Next, I sip my blood. You know the meaning of the words that you say "companies" and "bonds"

However, thanks to this, it was possible to directly look at Vanderou.

“I can’t understand it, but it’s a relationship to support each other.”

"It's right! Let's judge it!"

After being inhaled to Vandalou, Euma, who took half of the blood of Vandalou, agrees to his words and protests.

The spect。 is also abdo。 in Gudulanis. Bradposion is made from the blood of Gudulanis, which was absorbed by Vandaloo.

"You are going to use our body to anywhere!"

My body. Let’s make a decision on the surface. ... because it is uncomfortable that billions are lying on honeys."

Vandaloo was still unfinished, but it was still possible to use it.

】

At that moment, Gudulanis was wrapped in the slaughter and fear that the brain seems to burn out.

“Hip, Ug, Uoohoo!”

From there, [H d sensing: Death] responds to the only 風hoon, and the consciousness of Gudulanis is filled with survival in。cts.

I feel killing from all directions and 向き , but there is nothing.

』

Because Gudulanis looked like that, Vandaloo was able to direct him the [cannon].

“I was devised to kill my mind completely, but I didn’t go well.”

Vandalu attempted to recreate all five senses and even mechanical的な without knowing existence. However, it was not successful until now.

“So, I thought it would be the opposite.”

A technique that包むs the subject of magecraft with fear of death and attention ... If there is a technique that seems to be dangerous all the world surrounding the subject, it is possible to stir even a sharp opponent.

That’s this technique. However, I didn’t expect Vandalu to use the same as myself.

』

The consciousness of Gudulanis fell into panic rather than the expectation of Vandaloo by [Dai界kai]. There was no mental power to withstand the overwhelming sense of crisis that I felt so far.

If you are a singer, he is the King Gudulanis. From the moment of existence, it was the overwhelming strong and lost only once Bellwood lost. Therefore, he does not know how to resist fear.

"[動]! [Super Acceleration]! "

[God Shield Shooting!]

The attack of Zandia and Gina burst there. The seven magecraft that stops in front of the dyna。 is attacked by Gudulanis at the same time, and theナelerating jena strikes against Gudulanis with the shield.

"Wow!? Z e style!"

Although they screamed in hatred, Guduranis was unable to evade or defend against their attacks. His consciousness is filled with false information that he is constantly being targeted from all directions by the [Great Massacre]... top, bottom, left, right, front and back...

If you were to compare it to a radar, it would be filled with countless reactions. Therefore, even when Gina's shield approaches in front of him, he is confused and does not know which bloodlust to respond to.

If this had been Vandalieu himself, or Randolph, Schneider, or Heinz, who had a lot of combat experience, it wouldn't have been so confusing.

However, the current Guduranis has Edgar's soul that he absorbed. Although he has returned to a state on the verge of decommissioning, I read his experience and searched for a way to break out of the critical situation.

“Wow! ”

The move that Guduranis found was typical of Edgar, who works as a scout. It is the head of the enemy, and he launches an attack against Vandalieu, the user of this magic.

“[Transcend limits]! [True/immediate response]! ...[Soul Armor]! ! ”

Guduranis used his skills and martial arts to push his physical abilities beyond their limits, then activated death-attribute magic that was an almost improvised reproduction of Vandalieu's [Soul Fighting Technique] and charged forward.

Zandia, Yuma, and the demons attack from that side, accumulating even more damage, but they ignore it and gamble on reviving themselves.

Vandalieu also activated his [Soul Fighting Technique] and tried to wrap himself in the soul, but Guduranis' special attack was faster as he was cornered.

``I did it! ”

Guduranis pierced the center of Vandalieu's chest with his sword and let out a roar of victory.

However, Vandalieu won't die just because his heart is destroyed. While growing [Demon King's blood vessels] to circulate blood around the destroyed heart, he simultaneously tries to counterattack.

However, Guduranis' purpose was not to kill Vandalieu, but to come into contact with him deep within his body.

“Come on, [piece] of my body! Join me! It merges with the main body and returns! ”

Guduranis' purpose is to recover the [pieces] of his own body from Vandalieu. If the [Fragment] can be recovered, Guduranis will be able to recover his stamina and regain his strength, while Vandalieu will become weaker. Furthermore, if you retrieve a [Fragment] that generates magical power like the [Demon King's Jewel], you can recover your magical power in a short time.

And, as expected, the cores of the [Demon King's Fragments] from inside Vandalieu's body entered Guduranis one after another.

“Oh! My body is coming back! "Myself...?" ”

Guduranis was trembling with joy, but that quickly turned into confusion. What you feel from inside your body is not the sense of fulfillment of returning to your body, but the discomfort of being invaded by a foreign object. And even considering the fact that the reaction of [Danger Sense: Death] was being made crazy by [Carnage World], I noticed that it continued to increase abnormally.

“Why? ? "What's happening?"

[I am not you. You are not me]

[However, you are not the main body that we should join]

[You, become our prey and join us. I...I am Vandalieu]

``Oh! ? That's such a stupid thing...Gugyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! ? ”

The next moment Guduranis heard his own voice from inside his body change to Vandalieu's voice, his entire body was torn apart by the horns, bones, and fangs that grew from inside his body, and he screamed.

The next episode will be posted on February 8th.