Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 412 Evil Satellite Lugornok

The Vanderoos, descended from the asteroid-type wicked god named "the evil god of sleep and death", were puzzled.

"No, I'm having trouble how to get it even if it is suddenly descended."

Vanderlus came to the moon to see the existence of the moon. An encounter with the evil gods of the Devil's residual party was not expected.

So, if you were just hitting it, Vandaloo didn’t have a place to be lost just by picking up.

However, you have to choose whether to accept or reject when surrendered. The material was not enough for Vandaloo.

(Indeed, there is no reaction to [H)d sensing: death], and it seems to be a deceived defeat because it does not feel killing)

While thinking so, Lugornouk laughed while slowly moving the eyeballs behind the lips.

"Yes...? Even if you say something like that, what should I do?"

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

“Gaffadoghan, do you know this wicked thing?”

“Sheid, Gwhadghan is still on now?”

“Oh, you are. Vanderlust

“The Wick of Sleep Death” Lugornoke... I hear it.



Gwhadghan, one of the personalities of Legion, expresses the appearance without sound from the back of Vandalu.

It was the same elf girl as usual, but I was talking normally in space. Perhaps you’re操作ing the surrounding space to keep the air around you.

。 I remembered. There were people who were rumoring that the wicked god of Lugornoke disappeared when they came down to Ramda. I had no interest to others at that time, so I didn’t ask for more details.

Great Vandalu, I'm sorry for your inconvenience.

“Is it only time to hear the name of Lugornok?”

Yes. Never have I ever... heard the name of Lugornok after that.”

Vandalou also explores his own mythology, but the name of the wicked God, Lugornoke, was not known. I asked Mr. Yamahie Ryujin, Tiamat, and Mr. Tsukigi, Dana, through the use of the kings in various places, but they did not hear the name of Lugornoke.

“What is the intellectual property of this world?”

And I don’t know about Lugornoke.

"I'm the Wick of the Labyrinth" Gufadghan This is a reり."

“Yes... Our Lugornoke”

“Rugornock answers the question of the great Vandaloo. What do you do as a member of the Mausoleum?

"I have nothing as a member of the Mao army." I have been here since I came to this world.

“I’m here for a long time.”

Gwhadghan understands that the answer to Lugornok is meant to be rounded and heard.

Lugornok was led by the Mao Gudulanis and came to this world, but it was a trajectory... It seems that Gudulanis had been hiding in the space space for more than ten thousand years after getting off to the planet Lamda.

"I didn't get good!"

“It’s from a special race that kills breath and hides.”

“The Evil of Sleep Death” Lugornoke seems to have been an ecological tribe that spends the majority of the living time in a temporary death state. As seen in the organism of the Earth, it may be close to the砂漠ogs, etc. that 。 up for a short rainy season.

“But there was a risk of destroying the soul if you were in Gudulanis?”

“I didn’t want to work...”

And it was a simple and clear thing that I didn’t want to work because I could be away from the Magnolia army until I had the danger of being destroyed.

Lugornoke is the owner of lazy nature, and it was a wicked God who does not want to be disappointed by Gudulanis because of the danger of negligence.

The軍 army did not notice the existence of Lugornoke because he kept hiding behind the moon. That’s why Bellwood also went to the universe without him.

“But I didn’t notice that Gudulanis didn’t have a rugor-nok? It’s a thing that seems to be later, and I’m going to try it.”

“It’s important that you should be able to live offenders to the power of 君ence.”

Gaffadoghan answered the question of the Legion.

“I’m probably not aware of it.” The number of wicked gods according to Gudulanis is not hundreds or hundred. I know the strong name... I had to remember the name of the elephant free elephant, such as I, Fidirg, and Zozogante.

No matter what it is, the Mao army was actually a group that could not be called a military organization, even if it was called "army".

The magical army is the name of the evil gods led by the magical king Gudulanis, and the magic that the evil gods use. That’s why it’s not military.

When the original world is destroyed, it is only a group of people who have more than a certain force that Gudulanis can take you to another world, or that it is worth taking it.

The evil gods feared Gudulanis as the king, but did not make the organization.

For this reason, there was no existence to understand the appearance and name of all evil gods, including Gudulanis, and the main character of what is good at.

That’s why no one knows about Lugornoke, which was originally unknown.

“Now, Zurwan people don’t know your world.”

"Maybe? I don't know because I had nothing to do as I can do it here."

There is nothing just behind the moon. In addition, no one of the Mao army remembered whether he didn’t know or forgotten the thing of Lugornok, so Zulwarn and the former Mao army who turned to Vida were not aware of him.

You may have seen the Lugornok behind the moon if you were thinking of “Ramda” from the universe. However, Lugornoke is only visible on the asteroid from the back, and it is only possible to enter between him and the moon.

So I didn’t know Zulwarn and Rodocorte.

...... I might find it, but I didn’t have to prioritize the universe that was not happening than the planet “Ramda” where the Devil’s residual party s es.

In fact, Vandaloos came to the moon because the earth became much peace.

“But it should be impossible to keep existing for more than ten thousand years, forgotten to all who are God. God also lives in the need of food, even if it is nothing and only exists.

Lugornoke, how do you have prayers and fears?

As Gwhadghan asked, Lugornok, who is not known to humans, is not afraid to pray. So, no matter what the wicked God from a tribe, he can live for a long time in a temporary death state, he should survive for ten thousand years.

“Oh, I’m creating something like this.” Time

“Witch? What is Goム?”

“No, I’m under me.”

Gphadoghan said so... Vandalu goes under the rugornok, because it does not move from behind Vandalu.

。 Shellfish

There were more than 100 animals wrapped in hard shells so that they were buried in sand.

The shell is about one meter in diameter, and it is transparent in the middle. There are things like worms or shellfish floating in the liquid.

"Is it a living wizard that uses the filled liquid inside the shell to endure the space?"

"Yes, it's like that."

Born as an egg, but grows without breaking the shell. The shell of the egg is large as the shell of the shell of the shell, and it is formed while floating in the liquid filled with it.

The source of energy is the surrounding magic. It absorbs the contaminated magic of yourself, the same, and the rugornoke, and grows for hundreds of years.

Monogenic reproductive because the method of breeding is a male homogeneity. After laying eggs in the shell, put them on a part of the shell, and over the decades,包 them in the shell with the liquid.

"...It is a meaningful magic to grow without breaking the egg shell. It seems that you can move step by step in your will.

"But it is not harmless at the level that you want to doubt whether it is a monster. No, rather, because it absorbs only a little magna, is it a beneficiary?

"I doubt whether there is a common inわct to harm humans."

』

It is great to be able to survive in the space, but Vandalu can feel disappointed or disappointed in the ecology that spends everything to live without moving like Lugornoke. Kunochen seems to be anxious about whether to interpret this magic shell as bone.

“I didn’t think about the name, but let’s name it as a shell noc. This shell noc is only a month, so there is no reason to contact humans. I look up me under me, and I have a fear, respecting me as little as great.

“I’m dropping a star in the moon to maintain my faith”

』

“When I crossed the moon, I distorted the trajectory of the star which I think is one hundred minutes, and I dropped the moon.”

Lugornoke dropped a meteorite in a month to indicate that he was a great thing for Shell Nok. They are small, and even if they fall, there is no shock that you can harm the moon itself or bend the track.

However, because the vibration is transmitted to the Shell Nok, it is very good to awkward the Lugornoke. In addition to what he intended, there may be meteorites in the moon, and it is good for me because Shell Nok is misunderstanding that they are also rugby.

And no one cares when a small meteorite falls in the month. No harm.

“Is it possible to drop in Ramda instead of the moon?”

On the other hand, Vandaloo remembered the sense of crisis. If rugornoke is free to操e the orbit of a meteorite, it is possible to drop a giant meteorite to Ramda instead of the moon?

Gufadgarn and Knochen don't seem to have a clear sense of the crisis, but Pluto and the rest of the Legion are relieved.

``If you want to say whether it's possible or not, it's possible. But I think I'll probably burn out somewhere along the way.''

“Burn out? ”

“I don’t know why. I've seen small stars fall into Lambda many times, but most of them burnt out before falling.''

『……？』

"I think it is a flow star that Gphadoghan, Lugornok says"

When a meteorite enters the a  zone, Gwhadghan did not know that it burns with friction.

As an experience, Gwhadghan, the former Mausoleum, descended from the universe to Ramda, has entered the a。 zone just like a meteorite. Therefore, I do not understand that the friction heat with the atmosphere increases as the meteorite burns out.

“Is it?” Thank you for your understanding.

Home So is it possible to drop a large star that is not burnt down to Rumda?

......

"Is it impossible to understand?"

When Vandalou asked, Lugornouk, a body with only lips and eyeballs, responded, however, with an emotional expression called "susceptible smell" for the instrument.

First of all, it is rare that a large meteorite arrives near the ground of "Ramda" without burning. The universe of the world is overwhelmingly narrow compared to the universe of the Earth. However, it is infinitely equal to Lugornoke. And his mobility is quite low.

A meteorites of the orbit that travels near astronomy are far from the rugornoke. It is not possible to operate a very track.

Next, it is due to the lack of power of Lugornauk. His power is quite weak, which is necessary to maintain its own existence, and is somewhat more mas程度のine.

Even if a small meteorite orbit that passes through the vicinity can be used to draw the Moon’s draw force, it is impossible to interfere with a large meteorite to bend the orbit and drop it to “Ramda”.

If the power is recovered, it is still difficult. Originally, Lugornoke is the wicked God whose name is almost noble to remember. It is not possible to increase power for tens of thousands years.

Even if the power was fully recovered, I thought that it was a big time in the rugornoke level.

』

I heard the explanation of Lugornoke and Vanderou convinced. If a meteorite is the same size as the Earth, it is certainly necessary to break through the atmosphere of "Ramda" as a planet.

"Is it difficult even with Vanderou?"

"Fum...... Let's try it with [Negative] whether you can operate a little asteroid orbit"

Vandalou searched for an affordable meteorite in the [Witch's Eyeball] and tried to make the closest asteroid in the eye.

』

Then, when you run it, you will try to consume the same magical power when you make the Arc Mountains by moving a part of the Boundary Mountains.

Unattributed Magic is a magecraft that works without touching. The magical power required depends on how far the distance between the術 and the goal is, and the power required to move the target.

Vandalou has used this [Negative] to shoot the bullets from the gun body using [Witch King's Flaw], but it was difficult to operate the orbit of the meteorite compared with that.

It seems that it is difficult to move a asteroid of several meters in diameter to move a space of hundreds of kilometers at high speed. I didn't know that I tried to move the target of tens of kilometres on the ground.

“Is it impossible even with Vanderou’s magical power?”

Vanderoo chose the language a little, and explained how the Legion and Gphadoghan are shocked.

"At least, it is impossible to do it easily. I think you can spend more time.

From the nearer of the asteroids that want to operate the trajectory, you can save more of the necessary magical power in three minutes.

What should we do when a giant meteorite is likely to fall in the Ramda?

“Oh, how to avoid dropping, not dropping? In that case... if you blow up as soon as possible, it will be something.”

It is easy to talk if you do not just操作e the asteroid trajectory with [conception], but simply do not fall a giant meteorite to [Ramda]. De y.

It is difficult to shoot and destroy [inter  perishable cannon] from the ground, and the meteorite is in機, so [greed blood] is not effective. However, there are various methods such as 、ing the gun bullet type use magic king.

In addition, there is also a way to hang the asteroids before entering the a。 zone, by bleaching the witch King in front of the space space. If you can get off directly to the asteroid, it is possible to go back to the asteroid with [Gorem Creation] and make it into countless goムs.

“T、’s it! Even if you have something like a movie, Vandaloo can protect the lambda!”

"It depends on the size of the meteorite that comes down and the situation when you notice the situation, but I think that you can protect it other than me. Walkeley’s Legion

The Legion, which is huge up to the maximum, is attached to the asteroid, and the body is small and removed. Let's self-explode the rest.

In addition, if you can fly a huge [transition gate] to another space where Gphadeghan uses to metastasize the gods, or if Kunohchen is able to carryクスs and schne s to life, what happens.

』

“It’s the way you can know in advance that the asteroids are approaching to “Ramda” as Kunochen says.

A huge meteorite descends from the sky one day. Even though it is not easy for the earth and origin, it is a difficult business to understand the secretion of asteroids in this world without artificial satellites and a体nomical telescopes.

A meteorite appears in the sky, and it may not be suitable even if you try to  ry.

What is important is information. And there was a wicked God in a place that is convenient for obtaining the information.

』

“Rugornock helps you monitor asteroids?”

』

"The Evil of Sleep Death" Lugornoke. He has been familiar with the world’s most cosmic universes.

"Surveillance...I think it's not suitable for me approx."

The problem is appropriate for the person in Lugornoke. He is not suitable for a diligent supervisor to bet his own existence to negligence.

I don't want to leave everything. You can make your own. I just want you to help.

Let's build your statue on the ground and enshrine it if you can help.

The Lugornok, which was presented, was thought to be easier, whether he was asked by Vandaloo.

The sleep of the evil god, Lugornoke is different from the organism. I have perceived some external events when I sleep. And from the back side of the moon, the peri、al space of "Ramda" is a range that can be perceived to him to sleep. ......The range of perceived was spread while in the universe for tens of thousands years.

Perhaps the nature of God has changed, even if the star is dropped to gain food from Shell Nok.

I don’t have to be aware of the variances of mystery, which can be dangerous to memorize a large pain. However, Lugornauk is now in progress. It is a state that it continues to be in front of the寸er death to neglect it.

Therefore, I could not perceive pain.

(Oh, I'm in a way that I can't neglect?)

As soon as possible, Lugornoke began to look forward to Vandalou’s proposal. If he is enshrined on the ground depending on the reward he presented, he will be able to be a bit malicious.

All the surroundings of “Ramda” are tedious smells, but it is not a great effort if the asteroid is approaching to the extent that it is visible.

In exchange, it is not bad if you get food from the ground. In order to neglect, Lugornoke is also able to withstand the滅er of extinction girigiri, but it is not good to be状態でer.

(And Vandalou seems to be very different from Gudulanis.) If you are under him, you will be able to neglect)

。 Get the work of monitoring

In this way, “The Wick of Sleep Death” Lugornoke became a wicked God who watched “Ramda” near the moon.

Compared to Earth and Origin, which are part of the vast universe, there is a planet “Ramda” in the center of the universe, and the number of asteroids in the world where other natural bodies travel is overwhelmingly small.

However, it is not meaningless because the invaders from different worlds such as the former Gudulanis do not appear in the space.

In addition, the development of the 王 satellite-type demons began to investigate whether the residual party of the Magus army is missing on Mars, Mercury, and Jupiter, which are farther than the moon and the sun.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.