Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 346: A great strategy that stumbles at the beginning

Thank you!

“What’s it? It’s summer, but it’s cold.

"Hai!? Nezumi, Nezumi!"

“What is such a thing that is like a mouse?

In the large group of Nezmi who appeared nowhere, the center of the Kingdom of Orbaum, the castle became panic.

“What is this large amount of mouse? Is it操ed by magic or something?”

“I’m calm, I’m a cat! The   is away from the crowd, and the writer protects the document! Take someone dog or cat!”

However, Nezumi is Nezumi. I thought it would be better to remove the guards and knights.

“I love it! I can’t beat cats and dogs!”

“You’re a lie!? Cats are a dog that has been trained for猟 and security!”

A cat whose guards and knights were kept for just ミs, but the dog is trained for security and犬 dogs used when the kobit 王s go out to猟.

However, cats chose to stand up rather than to escape cats and trained dogs. There were also several pairs of them.

The swords are avoided, and the net should not be cut easily even with swords.

"I'm not just a mouse! I'm just going to invite the corridor to make it a perfect puzzle!"

“Want to use an attack magic? If there is a damage to the arts?”

“Where do you say that?”

The Knights will be conf  gradually without being able to cope with Nezmi, theプ mouse led by Tadano Nezmi, the nezmi-like miniaturism, and the spirits that cannot be seen by the people of the Castle continue to act to find the six paths that lie in the Choosing Castle.

In addition, mark the Vanderlust drawing with the collected information.

“The sky above the castle, the rooftop, and the attic... I think it is at the top of the castle.”

It is because there is a place where you can not go to the top of the castle, a place where you can not see, and a space where you can not put.

Rokumichi Sei is the perfect preparation as ‘Origin’... We have a place where Vandaloos can never be found and dive there.

In order to find it, you can find a place where Vandaloos cannot find.

Of course, it is not a language play. There is a six-way sublimation place in physical form. In order to find it, explore the castle with the spirits that can pass through any wall, the impice that has tried out the paths of the castle, the back of the wall, and the self-development that is not conf。 by any phantoms.

Then, apply fine color to the searched location. And in the place where the color could not be painted, the sixth road is diving.

In order to move to this method, it was necessary to have a perfect view, covering the secret escape routes and hidden rooms that are not listed in the regular chart.

It is yesterday. I have already contacted my colleagues, and I am waiting for them.

The rest is the lower half. It is a basement that is a pattern.

Go to the ground and the basement of the spirits andプ mice. The 騎士s and writers of the people of the castle escape to them, and the Knights struggle to retire the nezumi without causing damage to the castle.

"What do you think?"

“I’m a cat.” Is it possible to retire if you want to roast with a perchitis?

“Is it possible to do that?”

Is it possible to use electric shock or cool air? So you have to defeat a single attack magic. However, it does not have magic. Nezumis seem to be on the ground, but it is better to escape them and then knead them.”

However, there is a person who was breathed by the Duchess of Alcrem and the Duchess of Jahan, and there is no intention to retire the nezumi until the castle was damaged.

“Eh! Don’t hurt the castle for the re ement of Nezmi! Be careful not to enter the in der from the outside by multiplying this confusion! On the contrary, there may be no person who tries to bring confidential information or art out of the castle!”

Kobit Choo, who simmered in the business, gave instructions while defending the Knights of Esc .

"Omaeda, follow the instructions of Kobit Choo! But the most important thing is the king and his family! There is also a line of sashimi that aims for life, not only things and information!

Let’s evacuate early!

Dolmad also boosted it. If you notice that the imp mouse is a magical thing, you will be able to release the attack magic to the magician who is involved even if some damage occurred in the castle.

However, it’s common sense to be around one meter long, like horn ビットs and giant 、s, even if they are small to the magic. In fact, it is not a record of the magician ルドld that is the size of the monster riding the palm of the hand.

Therefore, I didn’t realize that it was a mage, even though I thought that it might be a mouse that was操ed by some people.

“Where are you? Where is the Terkatanis Dazai?”

“I don’t know it! If I can’t see it yet, I can’t see it.”

"I'm in this emergency."

Dolmad's military service was reminded of the malicious situation and reminded that it was in front of the Knights and Guards.

行動 is a subtle action... I suddenly say to adopt a samurai samurai, and I stayed in the castle for more than a month without returning to the house even though there is not a large amount of work, reduces the army of my own, and the predecessor is known.

"The five Knights and the court magician team together to pick up!"

It is also possible to think of the state of unconsciousness by hitting the head, which is surprised by the mouse. It is a good laughter when it comes to losing the country's weight due to the nezumi dysfunction.

!」

The knights who received the instruction take the magician and return to the upper part of the castle, but the movement is also crucial to Vanderou.

"I'm sorry, I'm late."

Terkatanis appeared there.

“Where did you have before?”

"If you do not lose or leak important documents in this dy。ism, evacuation has been delayed. Thank you for your understanding.

。 If it is good, I will evacuate outside the castle and see how the nezmi waits for the castle to come out."

"Awesome"

The Dolmad army Sir remembered a sense of discomfort in Terkatanis, who took part in evacuation for no reason. I thought something strange, but the behavior of the predecessor is just something strange.

It is not a matter of pursuing while running away from the flock of nezumi. I evacuated the Dolmad military service.

The dolmads, which were transformed into the dolmads of Terkatanis ......, were built by the melma King who was in the sip of the vampire z。e Ira.

"The evacuation of the kings is going faster than expected. For the safety of the Tadanos, it seems that it was full of disguise that it looks just a mouse."

I am very satisfied with my attention to the visuals of the others. In the first place, there was a figure of the real Urugen Telkatanis.

The Terkatanis presides in his own office and seems to be closed and prayed for something. I don’t know whether you’re looking for help in Rokudo St., or just want to report the mutations in the castle, but there’s no way that Rokudo will move.

In the first place, Terkatanis may be able to communicate with the sixth road, but it is not clear.

“How can I continue searching? Let’s push it again?”

“What’s it?”

"Do you become a song?"

Inドアred by the door to the office of Terkatanis: A giant brain that has a diameter of about one meter, the eyeballs, the tactile angles, and the thrust of the thrust, the existence is approaching to him who was surprised and stopped praying.

“It’s impossible to do that. "Let's endure with a fossil."

Home

"Are you a遊 of God Vida?"

"Ginyu......s ... Well, Idol seems to have not yet settled."

Kanako, who continues to be the King of the Memorandum, said that his recognition is a遊 who was a遊 who was not aware of his own.

"It's good, please quickly!"

“Is it good? Do you have any trouble when you get your hands on this person?”

It's OK. Before the search strategy decision, but it is a trivial problem as the stage progressed.

Harm the Daejeon. If you are a general person, you need to be supremely punished in the cons。ations, and even the non-commercial Vandaloos do not have annoyance to the Arkurem, the Jahan, and the Tamerルドld.

In addition, you should think that it will be transmitted to Rokudo holy in some way by handing out to Tel Catanis.

I didn’t know my hands.

“I don’t have to worry about six roads because of an abnormality that occurred a large number of ミs in the castle, and if we win six roads, the predecessor is lost, and if you lose, the kingdom of choice may continue to exist as the kingdom.

Please do not hesitate to

"Yes, I know"

“I want to see you!”

I ignore myself and continue to talk with me, and one of my neighbors, Terkatanis dai had a shield, pulling down the sword behind.

It was a sacrifice made by the King of the Devil.

This was the predecessor of the deter  that this was said to be a large number of Nezmi. It was the predecessor of Telkatanis who was deliberately away from other aristocrats and Knights and prayed to the sixth road and waited for his predecessor.

I have prepared a situation in which the social status that I had kept him until now was not used. If so, there is nothing that he can hold.

"Lord, let's go!"

Terkatanis cut into Kanako with short prayers and feelings.

」

However, his sword was played on the cane that Kanako shakes.

?」

And the Terkatanis pre-kick that she released was stinged on her stomach and she fell down.

"No problem because it has been reduced. So, I will copy the memories of this person with [Venus], but it is good?

In other words, Kanako grabs the head of Terkatanis, who was distracted by his right hand, and puts his hands on the huge brain of the monastery using his left hand.

It's okay. Have you ever tried it?

"If it is normal, it is confirmed because the problem occurs. ......What do you do with different 魄isms?

Canako's Venus is a cheet ability to copy and paste memories and s of yourself and others. However, she continued to copy the memories of criminals and others to herself using this abilities in the past. When you copy the memory, you know that it will copy itself to the emotional and mental movements you remember.

Therefore, I started to use the skills more carefully after rebirth. However, as a result of copying the memory of Terkatanis, I would like to be drunk to the sixth way to the Kanako.

For this reason, I decided to copy the memory of the Terkatanis and paste it directly to others, i.e. Vanderou.

We forced the criminals to relax with chemicals and had a daily life without any trouble. As a result of several attempts in memory between them, it is possible to take time. In addition, the subjects other than Vandalou...When I tried it with other criminals, all the memory and mental dysfunction are out and it is the result of getting up to those who earn mental pollution skills.

“Yes, I’m going to do it... Well, it’s hard to paste it with such a feeling.

"I'll do my best, but I'll do my best."

If you try to paste the memory of Terkatanis, Kanako who is working more than Vandalu will remember the burden.

I will do my best. It is subtle, but it is also my enemy. I don’t have a resent!

Even though Kanako is str ling, he continued searching by the impice and spirit.

Ground and underground from the middle of the castle. Color is painted on the drawing.

Ira, who was transformed from the castle to the king of Kobit and the Dawn of Terkatanis, is trying to make the nezumi that came out from the castle awaiting and 打。.

Imp mice and spirits are the basement of their feet. The place where the imp mouse is not put is filled with the spirit, and the place where there is no connection and the spirit is not put, the imp mouse is entered, and the place where the two people are not put together is confirmed by the messenger.

And all the drawings were filled.

Well, the sixth road left the terkatanis in the castle and escaped to other places?

"This floor, not put"

However, the spirit of this report. It was the deepest underground room in the castle and there was no artificial objects under it.

So far, even if I checked whether there is something on the bottom floor of the basement of the lower layer, I could not see it by trans。ing something under the floor or by trans。ing it to the spirit.

It was a discovery of the spirit that was played against the floor by chance, because it was examined by the group of tens of thousands of spirits, not the spirit of the mul .

"I can't go through this floor."

!」

“Fum... Let’s物理的ve”

Then, at the next moment we discovered, we started to examine the floor. The floor is purified from the ground side, not the surface. And the surface is just a stone material, but it is harder than steel, and the shell of the magic appeared.

It’s like this.

When a small turtle is crushed by the front teeth like a rocking machine, the hole was exposed.

“Is it possible to create a dungeon for Rokudo Sei?” In addition, making the entrance of the dungeon on the basement floor seems to be more versatile than I thought."

。 It is as embarrassed as "the evil god of the maze" that I could not feel until now.

Vandaloo and Gaffadoghan, who appeared in the transition, were surprised by the dexterity of the six-way. The entrance of the dungeon appeared like a wall or door until now. There were no dungeons on the ground, like pitfalls.

The entrance is completely filled. The entrance of the dungeon can not be filled normally. It is possible to fill correctly, but if time passes, it will be broken by the magic inside the dungeon.

E-grade dungeon etc. that only weak magic can be used for a long time. However, if you continue to leave the dungeon with the lid, the dungeon grows and the grade rises, and the strong wizard emerges and breaks the steel material and emerges on the ground.

The six-way is also a grade low dungeon, and it can be convinced that it was continued to be hidden if it was infiltrated while pulling the horn ビット inside. However, Vandalou holds the fragments of the crushed magic.

“If you are a dungeon with a magical object that can be harvested by such a hardness, it is likely to destroy the lid of the entrance into the gap where the sixth road has left your eyes away.......”

On the way, Kanako succeeded in pasting the memory of Terkatanis. In the brain of Vanderou, his last few months of memory flows like you.

"It may be more serious than it was used. I'm making my body and rebirth with the 片facts of the Witch King.

“T ’s the number...Rokudo St. has already lost his righteousness in the dungeon? It doesn’t seem that there are other than the great Vandalu, but we’re keeping ourselves.”

Even a single piece of blemishes, if it is prolonged, it loses the rightness. I don’t think that the six-way holy can withstand the thirteen or more missing pieces.

It may be because there is no movement until now because it is completely riding on [the missing of the magic king].

"It may be, but please be careful.

In other words, the spirits that explored the castle are collected around you, and theノdow of Tadano’s Impmouse is collected. Then Vandalou stood in a dungeon made by Rokudo.

A hierarchy that reminiscent of the temple, with many huge pillars. At the moment you stand there, the structure of this hierarchy comes into the brain of Vanderou with the effect of [Maze Creation] skill.

。 This dungeon is E class. Even boss rank 3, even if high 4. There is no magic that Kora can be harvested.

That’s right. It’s a man who has defeated me.

When the voice of the mouth that contains plenty of listening and memorable abundance was heard, the entrance that should be on the head of Vanderou closed.

“You can turn off the entrance of the dungeon?”

The voice of gufadoghan is amazing. There was a law that the entrance entrance must exist in the dungeon. It was an absolute rule that she can not do anything, which is "the evil god of the maze". I can’t explain whether it’s going to be interesting, but I couldn’t create a maze with no entrance.

。 I moved to the bottom layer of my life, not the first hierarchy. If you look at it, it is like you replaced the first and bottom layers.

Even so, it is a dungeon operation that can not be done even in gufadoghan.

"How to make such a technology ... I, the evil god of the magical castle" as well as the impossible in Gudulanis"

"It is a special technique from the past. I rude with this, but the dungeon is other than that. Please enjoy it.

That's it!

After that, I couldn’t hear the voice of the six-way.

The entrance of the dungeon moved from the inside, but it was in the same place from the outside. If there was a person who looked into the inside of the dungeon from that basement, the vandaloo suddenly disappeared, and instead, the whole body seems to have appeared like a black lacquer man.

"E。tion seems to be successful." It will take a while to escape the dungeon that I was striking to him."

Rokudo St. distorted heral and mouth when she comes out of dungeon.

Rokudo created an E-class dungeon with low difficulty as a prototype when creating dungeon for latency and training. Then, I created A-class dungeon at the bottom of the E-class dungeon.

Create a dungeon in a dungeon. Like a dungeon with no entry door, he was able to do things that would not be possible even in gufadghan ... and probably not have tried.

It was possible for him to understand the principle of dungeon from [the memory of the King of the Devil].

Gduranis was a cata phe with great power, but at the same time, it was a magician who crossed with the “Time and the Magic God” Rikutte.

It was possible to develop technology in a short time by adding the brain and ideas of six directions to the knowledge.

The difficulty level of dungeon created inside the E grade dungeon is A grade. and hierarchy. In that degree, you will not be able to be exhausted as you defeat Vanderou. However, there is an ingenuity that can not be captured immediately.

"In the meantime.........! "

When the sixth road sips in the sky, the hole opened one by one on the left and right chest. From there, the compressed air vortex is released towards the ceiling.

Strong and unmatched nasal breath using the nasal of the King...It is an air gun. The power is as though, it destroys the ceiling of the basement as if the 巻 wind rises toward the heaven, and it opens the hole straight to the roof of the castle.

From that hole, the sixth road flew to the ground and floated into the sky.

When part of the castle was destroyed, the kobit champions who were evacuated to the black urushi人dow emerged from them will be surprised and feared.

The six roads floating in the sky above the castle, while feeling it comfortable, reflected the appearance of the fellows of Vanderou.

Let's sharpen the power of the man even a little in this gap, let's lose calmness and ensure the human quality. If you apply the magecraft of [death delay], you will have a few hours even if you are a living neck. No, just kill and restrain your soul.

However, if you threaten to crush your soul, Vanderou should act as a good humanity.

Actually, the sixth way should not crush the soul due to the curse of the rodocolte. However, Vandaloo doesn’t need to know it and teach it honestly.

And keep the superiority, take away and absorb the 片endous amount of Vanderou. I was convinced that the six-way with the deficiency of the soul of the King Gudulanis was able to deprive the deficiency from Vanderou.

What I am concerned about, however, is the trend of the ``Five-Colored Blade'' and Asagi and the other reincarnated people. Heinz, who can bring down the ``Hero God'' Bellwood, and Asagi, who has the power of ``Mage Masher'' who can erase attribute magic including death attributes, are troublesome even for the current Six Paths.

If the two of them cooperated and stood in their way, they would not be able to take Vandalieu's friends hostage.

(But isn't there something to be wary of?)

It seems that Alda, the God of Law and Life, has not ordered the Five Colored Blades to cooperate with Vandalieu and his companions even during this period.

Rather than fighting together with Vandalieu, who could shoot Heinz in the back, Alda would rather pit Vandalieu against him and let the one who survives defeat him.

The rest are residents of this world, but the one you should be careful of is the ``true'' Randolph, and the rest are unknown.

『Well then, first of all, let's capture Kanako Tsuchiya and the impostor of Tel Katanis who are near Tel Katanis――! ? ”

Rokudou, who was confident that the path to victory was stretching out before him, was surprised when his [Danger Sensing: Death] reacted without warning, but he twisted his body instantly.

“Gyaaaaa! ? ”

However, he was unable to completely evade the mysterious rays emitted from the Selection Castle, and his skin was burned from his side to his waist.

"I'm sorry for acting so relaxed, but I'm also outside your dungeon."

When I looked, I saw the face (?) of a demon lord that looked like a giant brain sticking out from the window of Prime Minister Terkatanis's office. Perhaps a mysterious ray of light was emitted from the eyeball, and in place of the burnt and crumbling eyeball, Kanako reached out from behind and inserted a new eyeball.

“Y-you! Nuu! ? ”

Rokudou's face contorts into anger due to humiliation rather than the amount of damage he received. I immediately tried to counterattack, but was unable to do so in order to avoid the [dead bullet] fired from the front.

"And it's not impossible to get Gufadgarn to open the teleportation gate using me outside as a landmark. It wasn't easy though."

That's what Vandalieu said, holding the staff of the Five Evils in which Fidirg resided in one hand, the half-eaten small familiar demon king in the other, and Gufadgarn, who had activated his transformation gear, behind him.

``You're not acting according to my plan! ”

"When I execute it, things don't always go according to plan. I'll devour you before you get used to it."

The next episode will be posted on November 29th.