Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 333: While the half-vampire was away...

She was so surprised when she cooked in the [in the world] instead of eating out in Amelia.

“It’s really a long time to eat with you and two people.”

First time

That’s right. I don’t allow my family to visit this hospital.

“I don’t say that. People here are working hard to cure people like me."

“I’m right.”

"You, don't burn." I am trying to make a little better, but I don’t know what to do.

“Yes, I’m Amelia.” It’s okay, it’s definitely better.”

While doing so, Vandalou succeeded in hearing how Amelia is aware of his situation.

Amelia thought that he was going to be very heavy and hospitalized. However, I didn’t speak anything specific. It is because it is only recognized as "heavy disease".

Elizabeth is going to school with Maheria for study, and his husband, “You” is working to regain the Duchess of Saulon.

The details are ambiguous. Like a story that can be heard by young children.

"Feast" However, this is a long time. It may be a little fat."

Amelia, which is so abdo。, seems to be slimming because of the skin that is becoming pathologically white. For treatment, moderate exercise and sunbathing may be necessary. Vandalu said that.

“...Amerian.” Why don’t you go to a picnic?

“Well, you have to get out of the 室posium! ...... But it seems interesting. If you find a doctor, you will be angry, but if you are with you that you can get out of the window or the wall, you will definitely not be afraid.

The schedule of tomorrow was decided.

And Vandalou left only the empty dish of lunch prepared by this hospital and left from the veneer of Amelia.

Vandaloo, who lives in his room, talks to the ルules and ghosts of the slime that had been transformed into his own.

“What was there?”

。 Number of employees

“There is a dangerous man among them.” ......What is the beginning of the present?

Let’s stop now. Even if you do not leave one evidence, you will always associate with me.

However, let’s start when Amerias have a real harm.”

Vandaloo, who looked at the portraits of Ghosts, arranged their staff on the list of important persons in mind.

“Vandaloo, the result came out from Lucia, who studied the process of Amelia Saulon.”

When I thought that I had the voice of Guphadoghan, I opened a hole in the space, and the rucilia pod appeared from inside.

"It was good to deliver documents without connecting the space."

Poison and medicine were not検出 from the food sent here. I tried to eat a prisoner for the reason, but it was crying. Delicious

Prisoners: Crimes and bandits of the Duchess of Alcrem, who were abducted after Braga removed their faces, and those who were captured in Orbaum.

T  who are still living within them are used effectively for research and experiments based on Luciano.

“Tの’s true taste”

』

Ghosts and ルules are nodded instead of the game that has been carried while there is no Vandaloo. It seems that this facility offers delicious dishes to patients.

"Is there a possibility that the prisoner had the resistance skills such as [toxin resistance]?"

"It's not. He has just been a drug experimental platform for several days. However, you don’t have to mix it with your diet instead of having a lot of medicine?

The new wife of the master, did you drink the medicine you have ever been?

It seems that even if Amelia is trying to drink medicine, it is not necessary to mix it into a diet if you drink the drug directly.

“Oh, I’m wary of the master who I’ve been hospitalized, and I’m going to take a breath without mixing medicine. Well, let's check it out."

“What is the new depth?”

“Is it different? I heard that it is hot inside?”

Don’t neglect, but don’t spread. I may not be able to see if my heart's disease is good and my ability to recognize is back."

The reason why Amelia interacts with Vandalou intimate manner is that Vandalou is “husband”. For her, Vanderou is only a daughter’s party member, friend and fellow. Of course, it will change from the previous attitude.

It was Vandaloo, which is a preventive line of the refugees and responds to theーノ of Lucia.

"... I think it is important to think about the previous pattern. Well, good. So, when you get it, you can send the actual drug you are going to at this facility. It is not limited to drugs that can make detoxifying agents, but only do it."

That said, Luciliano went back to the laboratory again.

“Recently, I feel that my laboratory and work place are on Lucilia. Are you looking for a ghost or drug matching facility?

」

After Vandaloo came to the hospital, he passed three days. In the meantime, his hospital stayed with shocks among the righteous people who were in Orbaum.

If you are pregnant, "Ramda" does not know the treatment of heart, and if you are serious, it is recognized as the same as the disease of injuries that do not complete unless mir s occur.

Vandalou, which is rumored to it, was hospitalized in the psychotherapy hospital, which is famous for the desperate outcome of treatment. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

The predecessor, Terkatanis and Dolmad military serviceary, was unfamiliar with the Duchess of Taccard Alcrem, or the Duchess and Dalcia were s ing, and he was not able to reach the truth.

The commercial ルドld officials began to have an unpleasant move to whether it is a chance to eat or absorb the trades performed by Vandalou, and the magicianルドld discussed whether there is a reason for the unique mentality that Vandalou followed the undead, and the adventurer ルドlds舞d the words and products of Art。s.

And the rumors, and those who do not care about Vandaloo, whispered the neighbourhood, such as "I have noticed at all," "If the person who uses the undead, it should not be true," etc.

In that case, the most quiet organization was a preliminary school that Meolilis is the principal and a taymar ルドld with Orlock. They received a letter from Vandalou, which was written as "Seven-day hospitalization".

That’s why I’m going to leave the hospital after seven days, and I didn’t know what the surroundings were whispering and 観ed.

If you inform the aristocrat that the two were written in the letter, you will be able to receive a gra . However, two people were silent because they didn’t want to sell their personal information.

On the contrary, I swayed twice with this noisy, and I was burned by the elizabeth Saulon, and the Count Drazze Lime Sand. And it was Vidal Saulon, one of her abdo、 brothers and living in the villa of the Duchess of Saulon.

“The greed Tanukime that the skin of the greed suddenly! I got a lot of people’s hospitalization!? I’m not sure that the person should be sick!”

When he ignores his intention to make a large amount of。s, the Count Ream Sands 叩ed his office desk while he abused the director of the院.

A serene rumor and sound resonate with the head of the leam sand. His irritation is just increasing.

“What do you do? What do you do with Amelia? What do you think about Amelia?

What should I do?

It seems that the idea that came out into my mouth was an eleven leam sand. Although the  is not good, it is different from the ghost house where Vandalou lives. If you acquire it, there is a secret to the staff who can easily pull the killer inside.

"If you're hiring, you don't have to worry about it. Let’s try to get a few手をs.”

However, I didn’t have a good idea of Prime Minister Lime Sands. If you’re wondering if you’re aバer of Orbaum’s arms, that’s because they’ve been killed by Vandalu’s hand or guild in a malmot, or pledgeed loyalty at the moment they saw him and re。ed the killer.

That’s why he couldn’t prepare a killer right away.

And Vidal Saulon was puzzled. Vanderlou, and because he didn’t know the purpose of the Arkurem.

“I was thinking that Vandalu Zakart had become a friend who seemed to be wearing Elizabeth’s shoulders. Isn’t it going to use Elizabeth to make political work?”

What should I do when I collect information from my brother?

Vidal’s position is equivalent to the Ambassador of the Duchess of Saulon in Orbaum.

The kingdom of the Orbaum, a collection of countries called the Duchess, is also known as the center, maintains a lot of勢lomatic and politics. It is an important position to retire the successor's struggle and get a kyoshun to the current Duchess Rudel.

...... Actually it is monitored, and it is seen that it does not tail out. Vidal continues to struggle with the successor until the end, but it is impaired for the present owner of Ludel. There is no faithful person to the household, but it maintains some influence. Because it is a few men who survived in the Duchess of Saulon.

As a rudel, he was going to give his position to the vidal and to emphasize, and to wait for his position to be strong even if he was dis。ed. Now, Vidal does not make mistakes and tails do not appear in the contrary to the conf。, and the position as the Duke of Ludel is still unstable.

However, Wiedal was anxious about important matters.

“Well, is the Duke of Alcrem going to take Elizabeth and relapse the successor of the Duchess of Saulon? It should be important for the Duke of Saulon’s領bilization for the deer, Alcrem.

Or do you think that you will be ins  when your house 動s have occurred again in the future by emb ing Elizabeth and securing your body to the blood of the Dukes of Saulon?

Vidal guessed and written in the document sent to the country. Ludel's political power is very welcome to him, but if you are in a事態shell, you will be inconvenient for yourself. I have to support Ludel.

However, he didn’t think he was a dream to have Vandaloo, who was the Bar of Alcム.

"Oh, but elizabeth is a sorrow. If you think that you have been involved in the successor struggle without winning, you will try to find the leem sand from the back shield, and then you will be aimed at the blood muscles and the place in the Duchess of Alcム.

Like me, I would have been on my brother even if I had a look at it."

Vidal, who believes that Elizabeth is treated as a politics piece, was sorrowed his sister.

By the way, he does not remember the conscience    against the spirit of Ameria Saulon, flowing unfamiliar rumors. On the contrary, I did not remember what I told me to flow rumors.

However, he did not recognize that he did a bad thing just by taking a means to be taken as a power struggle. If Amelia was mentally chased and hospitalized, it is responsible for her weakness. It’s a common value for Vidal.

And there was a splendid stage at Arkurem's House.

Music that has never been seen before. And the song and dance of a beautiful girl and a beautiful girl with a costume that changes the shape.

“Great.” When you dance a fast dance of a、 like this, you can resonate with a song.

“This is brilliant.” I liked traditional music, but I can only see her performances and songs.

“But it’s not too much to dew the skin? In particular, the sister is like a underwear, even if it says armor...”

"Oh, it is an undead of the sabbath of the Count Zakart. Therefore, it seems that it is not skin strictly speaking"

“Well, it’s right? I’m sure that the skin should be too white.”

The aristocrats invited to Arkurem seemed to have been favored by idle live.

"Everyone is tired." I've become aステージ stage, but I'm very successful with everyone."

"I'm sorry."

シア the words of Dalcia, the man who is the substitute in the villa of the Duchess of Alcム repetitively lowers his head. He requested a performance of "the interesting music that is spreading in the Duchess of Alcム" from his invitation, and he decided to perform a stage suddenly.

"I'm sorry, I'm going to have a lesson at the Duchess of Alcreme, and I'm going to have a lesson from around the clock.

However, it is difficult to perform. ......I can’t show the performance of 100 percent yet if it’s not a production using the demons.

“Kanako, don’t say anything that is extinct outside. Well, it is true that there is certainly a bouquet and power that you can rely on."

"I want to go to Omi, but I'm not allowed to follow. Clinic

"Anyone, how do you get someone to wear?"

The members of the stage are the Canako and Zadilis, and Lita and Saria in the Silky Zakart Mansion.

I wanted to dance.

Home

Pauvina and Eisen have been devoted to making juice this time because of the size of the stage.

"I can do it with everyone if it is a big stage." Do you have permission?

We are sorry. Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post. In addition, there are few aristocrats who are not stubbornly admitted to obedience, and at the beginning, they say that it is not rude to make obedience in public places......

The performances in the stage that can be seen by many people who want to see because they are said by the substitute.

“Is the power of the Fukaze family still strong? What is the Fukaze family?

The Alda fusion of the Kingdom of Orbaum and the vida believers are not assembled as an organization, as the thoughts of Canako. They exist in the faith as a affinity of the Temple of Alda and the temple of Vida.

If they are given, the superficial Arda believers are more organized. ......I don’t want to learn.

"It's not because the honey is coming out in the table. “It’s hard to assemble the faction from the dungeon.”

It is a black curtain of。dow, not a symbol leader of the fusion. Everyone knows the existence

However, the question of Dalcia and Sarria solved ice. It is a state that it is impossible to assemble rather than assemble as an organization.

There are people who are in high position such as the High Priest and the Cardinal in the Fusion family, but there are no people who can demonstrate strong influence to the other Duchess temples. It is a life of the Vida believer of the parent Alda fusion.

“Is it possible to understand even if it becomes easy to be aimed at even if it became a single doc?”

“It’s easy to understand how to assemble it. It’s hard to get hidden because it’s a lot more than an ex dant.”

And Zadilis and Lita express their opinion as “a view from a standpoint to remember the sense of crisis in Vanderou.” Now Vandaloo is known as Vida principle, and is also wary of human society.

Even if you are wary of collision by 纏ing as an organization, it is not good. ......In particular, heinz is.

“Oh, everyone... Can you be able to have a big topic after the party has finished?”

"I did not know"

However, more discussions were interrupted by the substitute. There are only people invited to the Duke of Alcrem, but it is desirable to not talk about the many things.

"The rude, the Honorary Count of Darcia Zakart. I don’t get tired at the stage, can I ask for a talk?

For example, just like the Justhan d'Or.

"This is under the Cabinet of Hadros Jahan"

The substitute goes out to the Dalcia and thank them. He is the Alda believer who has a high priest of the Alda Temple, who has an average of two and a half meters.

Noble people with the priests and high priests are rare. In particular, it is like a noble, such as the duches. In fact, there are many people who are not involved in the work of the temple.

However, in the exception of the Baron of Jahan, he is known to be a devout believer to make his own organizational reform. ......It is known only as the "gantastic duches" in the Amid Empire, because the Baron of Jahan is located in the northeast of the Kingdom of Orbaum.

“I didn’t think I could still stay in Orbaum. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

"No, I'm a snow country. Spring is slow. The Duke of Alcrem seems to be the spring of the winter. Comment

And the relationship with the Duchess of Alcム is bad. It is usually indifferent to each other because it is not neighbourhood, but I sent a letter blame when Duke Alcrem shifted to Alda fusion. ......And then, after turning to Vida, it has a quiet opponent attitude.

However, since the Duke of the Orbaum Kingdom is the same, there is no blood flow. The marriage of the aristocratic family of the subordinate is a break, a harassment in the social world, a party is not invited to each other when the party is opened, and it is a relationship with the enemy that seems to be just a bad friend than the enemy from the Vanderoos.

That’s why the delegation of Arkurem sent the invitation to the Duchess of Jahan, for the creation of an alley called “We are not wicked.” Therefore, I thought that the person will be riding after a while after the party was held, and the response was delayed.

“But I want to talk to the Honorary Count of Zakart?”

“I’m sorry, but I’m just tired of the stage, so I’m happy if you have a talk.”

Not a long story. However, it seems that the child breath is. I'm sick and hospitalized. I'm worried because I hear that I'm the owner of a rare talent, such as taking an undead."

On the surface, the Duchess of Jahhan and the vice president of Jahhan.

Thank you. I'm sure that my child will be happy."

However, he joined Dalcia. The substitute is a moment of surprise, but if there is no way to do it, he will take a step ahead of the Duchess.

“If you’re good, you’ll want to see it once, but don’t it?”

"The treatment of the son is expressed by the院, so it is OK if you received permission from the doctor. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Now my son is very delicate.

It is a delicate state. He is treating her husband's mother of school friend and examines the suspicious part of the院. It is a time when you need to pay attention to the treatment of the emperors who plan to make a facility to ghost themselves.

。 Let's serve as much as possible. And the other stage was great. I heard a wonderful saint song.

If you have a chance, please come and see us!

"Eh, if there is an opportunity"

Dalcia had a nice look at it, but the Duchess of Hadros Jahan had a conf。 atmosphere. Probably because Dalcia was flat against the things that the son was hospitalized, and it was easy to舞.

“Dalcia: If you are an ordinary aristocratic, you should hide your child’s breath as much as possible as possible. This time, I was so glad that the Duchess of Jahan was also getting out of the poison."

"I'm sorry. I heard what normal nobles would do, but I didn't think there was any point in trying to hide it now."

After all, everyone involved has been informed, and even those who aren't involved know. In this state, Darcia didn't see the point in trying to hide it by going through a troublesome war of words.

“Also, the reason why that duke returned so soon may be because he realized that the hierarchical relationship between Darcia and the Duke Alkrem family was reversed.”

“If you look at the behavior of the magistrate-san and Darcia-san, it won’t be difficult to guess who is in a better position.”

The magistrate moaned in frustration at Zadiris and Kanako's words. From the outside world, Vandalieu is not the Demon Emperor, but the son of an honorary earl who serves the Duke Alkrem family, so he was ordered to hide the actual power relationship.

"I-I'm sorry, I just blurted out."

“It’s okay, Darcia-sama. Even if they find out, nothing will happen.''

``At most, more people will be sent to Mr. Luciliano's place. By the way, Duke Jahan invited you to perform? ”

"That's just a social gesture. If you take it seriously, you'll look like an idiot. If it's okay to use Duke Alkrem's name, I think you could push him and say, ``I told you that, right?'' but..."

“Please excuse me.”

"The magistrate has said the same thing, so I'll keep an eye on the situation for a while. As I said earlier, I'm very grateful for your help."

As Kanako says, Duke Alkrem's deputy protects various things behind the scenes. For example, their only son was hospitalized due to mental illness... In aristocratic society, this is a state that has the same meaning as the inability to recover, so they try to prevent nobles who interpret it as Cobb gone and try to get closer to Darcia, or nobles who try to take in their servants with the aim of Aizen, from entering the venue.

"It's difficult for the magistrate too."

``That's right. Drink'

"Thank you."

The magistrate couldn't help but feel relieved at Pauvina and Eisen's efforts and the gift of juice.

And then, the night falls and it's the morning of Vandalieu's fourth day in the hospital. The pharmacist at the clinic took action.

"As expected, I have to give him some medicine soon. However, ever since the patient... Vandalieu Zakkart was admitted to the hospital, a lot of strange things have been happening. Amelia Sauron's sudden improvement is one of them.

You must be careful when giving medicine to Amelia Sauron.''

I'm back now.

The next episode was scheduled to be posted on September 17th, but due to various circumstances, it will be postponed to the 19th. I apologize for the inconvenience.