Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Three hundred and twenty-fourths

Thank you!

When Vandalou was trained to improve his physical strength, Paulina was struck.

!」

The shields of Paulina were 盾ed by the training maker, whose cloth was rolled into the woods振 by the classmate.

」

“Oh!”

However, the next moment Paulina ex ded the shield, so the classmate drifted behind.

“It’s good, but it’s important to keep your body more secure. There are many gaps. Next

“Yes!”

This time, students with wooden spears that are rounded down to Paulina. He repeats the penetration quickly, but it is all prevented by the shield of Paula.

っ

Quickly, but lightly ex。ded towards the face of Pauvina, the next moment she puts a shield to protect the face, she ex。s the spear towards her legs.

The spear hits the foot of Pauvina.

“I did it!”

But at the next moment, I was blowing in a shield of Paulina.

"I'm good, because it is effective to target the opponent who has a physique disparity like it is! But I think that I should aim for the finger instead of the foot! It's great that it's defense with a spear!"

」

A student of a spear that rises up and down. And the schoolgirl with wooden swords and shields instead of him went out and headed to the partner of Paulina.

It seems like a teacher and a student.

“... Thanks to the instructor, the training became easier.”

"Do you have to take tuition fee from her?"

And the instructors trained to Pauvina in the city were trained to another student group.

Even if you are a student who has studied the top grades in the class of Pauvina and new students, the first training is to improve the basic strength.

If the level is higher, the physical strength is increased. However, if the physical capacity of the body is high, it is better to increase the capacity value if it is lower.

The same [Apprenticeship Warrior] If you compare the power with the musョ dysfunction matcho and the abortion appear in the same 100 levels, the matcho is higher in the win rate.

In addition, it is one of the objectives to clarify each student’s ability to the teacher and the student. When you choose a party for practical training, it will be useful for the reference of the operation after that.

However, Pauvina is too strong with other students, although it is not as much as Vandaloo. And she doesn’t get enough of Vanderou.

There is a confidence that does not kill, but it may break the bone by mistake. In particular, she’s good at her. When the skull is broken by head, it is important.

......Of course, the cure magician is resident in preparation for accidents during training, and the students are also wearing armor. In addition, students of Paulina have already experienced job change twice or more.

It is a boy girl in the first half of the teen, but in fact it is only a stronger person than those guards. Of course, the body is much stronger and stronger than ordinary people.

However, if you are from Pauvina, you will be able to enter a weak class. For this reason, she decided not to select weapons [shields] only, but to put the shield lightly without using martial arts.

Still, she became a teacher from the student.

“I don’t know how to do it.” She is a student

“It’s right. Can we tell her something? Look at the movements and clearly stronger than ours?”

。 In addition, to show tiredness, do not disturb the breath...... This is a decade, a hundred years ... No, it may be one genius per thousand years."

教 Vandalou, the instructors have not been challenged by students because the skill of the instructors who are in charge of the training of Pauvina classes is higher than the instructors who were in charge of the training of Vandalou classes.

The instructors of the normal adventurer school often re-就職 in the D-class adventurer who has the most number of adventurers.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. Alumni are expected to not only survive as an adventurer, but also to be more than a C-class adventurer who needs more than a certain talent or extraordinary effort to reach.

For this reason, it is the original knight, the magician of the magician。ld, etc. that was evaluated to be a class of C or higher, or the equivalent power.

教 them, there are few former B-class adventurers who are in charge of students who have enrolled in excellent grades such as Pauvina.

Therefore, I was able to monitor her ability to some extent from the movement of Paulina and quickly judge her as unpleasant in the student side.

“F, F, Sが is Paulina”

By the way, the Rhine Halt that belongs to the same class had already survived.

There are two students who are stronger than the instructor. I learned the news during the school. “St。er than the instructors” had existed occasionally. However, most of them are students who have grown and passed through the instructor while they are in school, and even though they are just enrolled, students who are stronger than the instructor are countless.

In addition, the students were the first to have a s。pted battle to replace multiple instructors and students, like Vandaloo, who continued to be intact until the physical strength of all of them was exhausted, and Paulina, who im。 themselves not to be trained before fighting.

“As a teacher of the former A class adventurer, should you be curious about the former C class and the former B class instructors who lost to the student?”

I asked Mr. Meolilis who worked on Randrph who went to the principal office to report.

“I don’t think about it.” Pauvina is the only one who shows the power of Vandaloo.

。 Vandalou heard that he was active in the 走  of the magic that he had played in the Duchess of Alcrem, but he is wary of him. It was obvious that there was something else.

However, it is not good that the current situation continues."

It is also a good school for excellent students. However, there is no rumor that the instructor who is hiring at school is weak. For meorilis and for them.

"Can you knead theり?" In this case, students who want to be trained are free of charge, but two of the problems have to talk and take care of them.”

“In other words, even if Vandalu and Paulina see other students’ training, it’s just about working together. ......What do you do as an educator?

“I know that I can’t feel.” However, there is no reason. "Unless the more 腕al instructor is born from the ground"

It is difficult to increase the level of instructors. It is because you have to prioritize the teaching power than pure combat ability, more than the instructor of the student. In addition, some of the advanced adventurers re ed from their current role as an adventurer, and some of the aristocratic missions and escorts, and some of them are marrying with the aristocratic family and starting to trade. For this reason, if you do not find the value of teaching in advance, you do not get a job at a preliminary school.

In addition, it is cheaper than the average income of the C-class adventurer, although it is higher than the teacher of the regular adventurer school.

“Is it impossible to have two opponents?”

“Let’s take it!”

Mr. Randlph, who is working as a false name of the dandrip, lying the neck.

“What is Paulina?” However, Vandaloo doesn’t know the bottom. It looks very weak, but it’s hard to get inside.”

Randolph, who guessed the actual power of the two from the usual training, judged that. If you are a pauvina, you are still in common sense. You can win one by one if you do the opponent with yourself. You may be taught as an instructor in a simulated battle.

However, Vandaloo cannot be expected.

。 ......What should I do?

"Awesome and unfamiliar acting force is a subtle manicure that has a toy weapon and has a human touch to play. That’s it.

"... It is an evaluation that makes you worry about whether you want to be a student partner. How about the students in the same classroom?

If you are afraid of it, you may be able to twist another class or the upper grade. The answer was surprising.

“When the training was over, I was looking for all respected instructors. There is no one who is afraid of others.

"It is an attitude that can not be imagined from the previous evaluation"

“The eyes of students and other instructors should be just “genius”. Isn’t it the first time for a student to be a teacher?

In addition, in the case of Vandalou there is a prereputed reputation. In the army taymer, he saved the town of the Duchess of Alcrem from the dungeon runaway, and his mother sealed the deity. It is a person who is admitted by Kanako. different from ordinary new students

Even if the regular new students are excellent before entering the preliminary school, it is not useful. However, Vandalou is a student who has been enrolled in a preliminary school since becoming a singer.

Indeed, I thought that the students of the same class would measure him with a measure different from their own.

“I see... I can’t tell you about Kanako’s words, and my opinion is important.”

"It seems that Paulvina was also good, but it was good. I give advice on what to do after comforting the opponent rather than just defeating it. ... but it would hurt the pride of the instructors."

"... I want to hire as a teacher now."

“I’ll try again.” If you have to escape, you will not be able to

"It's a week later, how about the practice after 6 days?" In his school, I think that it will be攻略 in the dungeon managed by us."

The dungeon, which is owned and managed by the early preparatory school, is a difficult dungeon for the students, even if it is on the upper floor. However, if you go to Vanderou and Pauvina, you can not try it in the sense that you will go to Noyama.

“It’s not so good.”

But Randolph said that. Home

“The first practice of new students is to go down to three layers under the monitoring of the instructors, and experience the demolition and dungeon wildlife and rest.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. "If you don't get up to four layers, you will not get down."

At that time, Pauvina had one hand of Vanderou and Alex yesterday's Ale... I had to say anything after a while.

The ALEX encountered the most common use while still enjoying cold and sweat.

"If you look at the new rumor, you know that you are more than expected, and you have been pressured. If you see a behavioral suspicion, gomen. I didn’t think that.

Vandaloo, who heard it in the arm of Paulina, thought it was suspicious. It’s spring, but it’s cold and sweaty. I try to devote my eyes as much as possible, and my voice is rising.

There are two members of his party.

The boy of black hair is a rovin of two spears, and the girl of the chestnut hair half elf is a magician anabelle, Chiplus heard and taught.

That’s it. I was surprised because I had a strange look."

"Oh, really」oodles"

"Yes, it's good. 」

Since theレックスuse of Alex is normal and there is nothing particularly in the appearance of Paulina, the second contact of Vandalou and Alex has ended without any effort.

“Well, I didn’t want to turn my eyes. After all, do you have a unique skill of the maze and have you been wary of being returned by [root]? If you say, it will be getting information from some people.

In the arm of Pauvina, passing through the corridor with a supple and light footsteps, Vanderou tilts the neck in the opposite direction.

“I said that. Well, but you didn’t know about Van?

"It's not. Then I went from the front and I was 睨ed by him while talking.

“I wonder if I could see a doll or something?”

Vandaloo, who was told to Pauvina, reflected how he looks objectively. And in the arm of a three-metre tall girl, Imagine my appearance as a言me as I pull out the power from the whole body with the habit of having someone.

"...I might have had to introduce myself."

At the same time, Alex, who pointed out the same thing as before from Robin, left his head again.

After the school’s class, Vandalou met outside the school to develop friendship with her.

If you are serious, you can achieve practical training and challenges easily, but it is suitable for Elizabeth. For this reason, I thought that it is necessary to increase their own power to reveal the nose of Alex.

"How to say a special lesson? We don't put it outside the school's dungeon"

"In addition, there are various plans even if you return to your house. I can use my physical strength and time to hinder me.

Maheria cares about the schedule to Elizabeth, a skep  of the effect of the special lessons proposed by Vandalou.

“Mah, Elizabeth, Maheria, and his story will be heard. It seems that it was great for today's training?

"I am interested in the opinion of the rumor "Tema genius......"

“I have to chase and chase Alex, so I need a special lesson, Elizabeth!”

“No, it’s like that! It’s a special lesson!”

On the contrary, the zona and the three men. By the way, the name is the same as the three. Torus Zetz is a small shield. Eusef Catalonis is a magician who teaches glasses. It seems to be the three sons of Hamilton Baron, the three sons of Zetz Baron, and the four sons of Catalonias.

Thank you.  

Zona said that Vanderou is surprising for the reaction of the facts who remembered the 動endously anxiety about the behavior from yesterday, and also felt that the three may be a good person.

However, because of the education that was born as a noble, it may not be bad because the discri。 consciousness of the plain people becomes stronger. I think that I was a ogant in the moment I was not aware that I had to know all of them just by seeing the所 first. I re。ed.

......The attitude of the facts is very friendly to Vanderou because it was ordered from each parent to find the trend of Vanderou that entered the fellow, and get information a little.

"So, I will explain the method of special lessons. First, go out of Orbaum. That’s a simple way to get experience by fighting it because my friends will cast up the monsters that were born and captured.

“If you don’t get into dungeons or magical precincts, it’s a simple way to push the magic out of dungeons and magical precincts.”

At the same time, you can gain the real world by fighting affordable monsters and Elizabeths who have been chasing, and you can understand the current power of her and help them to future special lessons.

Two birds

“I see, it’s so... but I’m not sure how to catch up with Alex.”

However, Elizabeth was disappointed. It is a special lesson that Vandalu's friends and colleagues will be "weak" in advance, and stopping the magic that has been chasing.

“I’m not good, Elizabeth! I’m worried that the level of the game is not quite up, and let’s raise the level by earning the gutsund and experience easily here!”

“Yes, Elizabeth! That’s why he will serve!”

However, Zona is riding.

"I think there is a way of thinking that you can brush your skills after getting over the walls of growth."

And because he argued that he had to say, he acknowledged that Elizabeth would receive a special lesson called “Welcome” in the form of pushing the back to everyone.

“Oh!”

“I don’t have to run a shield in a little time!”

"I don't hear it! There are many numbers and it's not weak at all.  

“...Do you say that you should be weak?”

"""""

Friends of Vandalou... Artサーs cheered out of the evil spirits, and魔s cheered around Elizabeth.

“I thought it was an affordable group, but did they have heavy loads?”

"Now, I'm surprised and run away. If you are calm, you should have it.

That’s right. Only seven匹. “I’m just a lot of people who are out of Vandaloo.”

Artサーs contacted Vandalou and tra。ed seven魔 from the near magical precincts and crossed the Gaffadghan's [transition gate]. And they moved to the shade near Vandaloos at the [transition gate], and they guided them to go to them.

From Elizabeth, suddenly a large group of  appeared from the shade, so it is natural to shake.

However, it is just a group of集団s ranked 3. I don’t think it’s necessary to help even if you watch the elizabeth that you’re  rying on it.

“It might be bad that it wasの, but it might have been too strong as a trainer for older women.”

“Oh, yes! So if you have the next opportunity, let’s go to the auger.”

Miriam, which speaks nicely with Kalinear, seems to be dyed by them.

“I didn’t say that I would weaken it!”

However, Elizabeth, who singed the spell while he escaped, triggered the life attribute magic. The grass stretched on the legs of the脚 running at the beginning is tangled like a snake, and it falls down. After that, the走s who were running roar were pulled down, or to avoid it, they were 。ed up.

“Let’s make a team out of the present! Torus, Makuto, Zona before! Euzes and Maheria donate!”

"Well, please do my best because I will help you so much."

Vandaloo, who had been running the last tail before, was surprised when he was next to him, but soon he aimed to fight consciousness.

If there are no mistakes and oils, it is only one year or more to enter the preparatory school.

Uzes s pted the spells, and the masturbation triggered the s pts and defeated the , but the gap was 殴ped to another。 and it seems to be hit by the s。pt instead of the s。. However, the arrows and vandaloos thrown away by Maheria were able to directly shoot their肩 shoulders and eyes and escape the difficulties.

Elizabeth won. And the deconstruction of the site and the material of the deforestation proved, the Artサー also helped, and the day was dissolved.

At that time, there were several people wondering what they were doing.

"How to do?"

One of them is Drassé Lime Sand. A rich headache on a thick stomach. He is a person who can be convinced that he is not aristocratic, but a vicious merchant. He is the shield behind Elizabeth Saulon and is a patron.

“Well, if you’re a fellow of Elizabeth, you’ll have a Vandalu Zakart... you can’t take responsibility.

In addition, if you want to get elizabeth scrambled, it will be completely wasteful. It is a little bit more that you may be able to make your little daughter a hand basket."

Dorazze protects the mother of the young Elizabeth who escaped from the Duchess of Saulon and became her back shield, he may be able to hold the true power of the Duchess of Saulon. It is because I had a delusion without knowing about it.

However, young Elizabeth cata phicly defeated the successor. Dorazze decided to sell her to Rudel who won the successor’s struggle, but Elizabeth himself was str ling to rebellion.

After that, Elizabeth grew beautifully when he was thinking about how to treat Elizabeth and his mother. It is still the first half of the teen, but it will be a beautiful woman if there are five years later.

Dorasse, who seemed to do so, decided to try her. If I was forced to take a challenge, and I couldn’t achieve it, I was going to be forced to ask her for help.

"However, it is said to be a military service director who wants to cooperate for a while to explore the trend of Vandalu Zakart and his mother. Because the mother is pressed, Elizabeth is escaped.

But let's try to increase the appearance of mothers in mind."

That said, Dolasse had a glass filled with wine.

"How to do?"

And another person who is thinking about the same thing.

The royal forces of the royal family have permissions to move. However, there is no expectation to get more information when moving.

The movement of the temple that requested the cleansing of the cursed house is very dull. It was about the Alda Temple. The parasites of God’s believers at all

Terkatanis was disappointed how to deal with Vanderoos that move freely. The policy is determined at the meeting, but he has not trusted the Dolmad Army Sir.

He wants to maintain the order of the Kingdom of Orbaum. And the country is operated by more complete order.

Alcreme, who shouted a sudden reform, or perhaps the cause of this, Vandaloo is only a headache seed. The problem is that the species cannot be processed too large.

It is not a place to maintain order if you turn to the enemy. The central part of the country was destroyed by Orbaum. The kingdom may return to the original small country gathering.

In order to make your own position, you shouldn’t take back with Zakart Ma、 Measures.

“Although the adventurer school, my族 aristocratic disciple seemed to fail to get in. Is it possible to contact an adventurer who is working together?

Is it possible to strengthen the intelligence for the Duke of Alcム?

I think there are many things, but I don’t get the answer. Zakart parent and child hasn’t had a big influence on Orbaum. That’s why I don’t say that.

The adventurous school has already contacted Elizabeth Saulon. Perhaps she is trying to get the Duchess of Saulon or she is trying to get a larger con。。y.

Terkatanis, but there are few things to do. If you get out of a sexually urgent hand, and you irritate the parent and child on the other hand, you can not see it.

One of the secrets of today was not conceived, and the voice of God was directly sounded to his consciousness.

"How do you want to do Vandalu Zakart? If you have a hand with me. My name is聖. Your cooperation needs me

My work has celebrated the 4th anniversary yesterday. Thank you for your understanding.

Next story will be posted on July 5th.