Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 342: Rokudo Hijiri misses the chance

Thank you!

“I don’t say that I can’t kill it.”

“Want to wait, Edgar.” He’s Vanderou’s mess. It is not meaningful even if it is fighting."

“I know that!”

Heinz stops Edgar to leave the short sword. However, Edgar is still unpretentious, and now it seems to be flying around, he 睨ed up with the wizard that resembles the crab.

Vandaloo, who watched it through the use of the King, remembered the expectation of it, but after all, Edgar fell down, so he can see his face without hesitation.

The face like a skull was embedded in the middle of the part that hits the belly of the Crab-shaped messenger King. In spite of this fear, the adventurer party and Sele。, who are the cooperatives of the Heinz, leaks small screams and whims.

Vandaloo is a great way to talk to the people.

Let’s talk about it because it’s like killing. ......You are going to the city of Orbaum?

“...I was looking at things that are happening outside through a handicap while I was in the dungeon of trial.”

Heinz carefully answers to声ent voices that are not likely to have a skull in the mouth of a giant crab. As you can see from the previous word, he also understands that Vandalu is not calm behind its mouth.

“In the information you collected, you will be in the center of Orbaum from the Duchess of Alcム. The predecessor collects [Witch King's Flaws], and you are looking for the eldest daughter of the Duchess of Saulon and the eld of the Heartner.

We think that something is happening in Orbaum, and we shouldn’t be able to go towards it.”

“... That’s right.”

Vandalou also thought that if he was active in Orbaum, he could be a business trip. However, I was thinking that it would take more than a year for the training to use the power of Bellwood at the beginning of my career in Orbaum.

However, because the movement of Vanderou himself and Terkatanis was large, Heinz came out with the training.

Heinz was encouraged to Edgar. However, he thought that he was a passionate Arda believer in the 、, and he thought that the predecessor proposed the unprecedented proposal.

Although the results of the training are not sufficient, it will develop into a fatal situation if it is closed. That’s why I think.

"I can understand it, but is it until me?"

Vandalu asked the only non-combatant in a line of honeysuckle, the girl of the dumpil, and the Seleを at the tip of the scissors. I don’t want to engage as much as possible, but I’m physically looking at it.

“It’s a big misunderstanding if she’s going to be a ticket to me.”

In Vandalou, Jennifer and Deliza (that’s not going to be, but it’s hard to get away from tea) and tumi in the inner mind.

“I am.”

“It’s for her own safety to take a sele。. “You’re a dampiler, and you’re a dampiler, and you’re a lot of now you’ve defeated the original vampire.”

By gaining information from Alda, the Goddess of Sleep, and Berwood, Heinz knew that Vandaloo had done so far.

It was held in a place where no followers or God’s eyes were not reaching ... The incidents in the boundary mountains, the magical continent, the galtland, and the 'rock giant' Gordon d'Alda forces were defeated, and the continent of the Magnolia do not know the Aldas.

Because it can be seen from far above sky, I know that it is purifying the magical precincts with Bakunawa and built a huge statue with Talosム.

As Heinz said, there are still many criminal groups that name the residual party of the wicked vampire..., such as the Alda ex。s, and the anti-mellow 派s.

Many of them can be countered by the comrades of the Fazon and the Alda fusion, but they are sure that the safest thing is to reach the eyes of the Heinz.

It is a story that Vandaloo, who stayed in the world of the body, can understand. However, because there is a possibility of fighting in the world in the body, I have been living in the Vidal Magic Empire and Silky Zakart Mansion.

When you say, it is because you might be able to skip the body of Vandalu in half.

“If her existence becomes a deterrent for us, I will talk about it.”

So you can understand that you are taking a sele。, but you need to pierce nails. So, he said, but he was not able to see the sele  as well as the sele .

"I'm talking anymore?"

“Oh, I talked about what we did with you and your parent and child in the Milg shield country. It is not going to be used as a deterrent.

......I think there is a movement that tries to use Sele 's thing politically."

That’s right. That’s why I’m thinking about it.

Heinz that makes the eyes look smooth. Sele。 is a dampil that protects him from the flag of the Alda fusion. It is an important symbol by the priests of the Alda Fusion and the aristocrat who supports. It is a story that can not be used politically and treat it like a normal girl.

For Vandaloo who claims Vida principle, it is a movement that can not be welcomed, but it is not the case for this, so Vandaloo decided to talk about it.

“I’m the main subject, but I’m going to cooperate with Rokudo St., who will be the President of Terkatanis.”

If this is the case, it is necessary to tap the "five-colored blade" here before it is merged.

“The Sixth St.... A name from Asagiri Asagiri, a collaborator of the study of the Duke of Birgitt’s “The Wisdom of the King.” Is he操ing the predecessor?

However, it seems that Alda did not work with the sixth road as expected.

"Do you know the cedar?"

“Oh, I said that I was a member of you before.”

There is no such fact. Classmates: It’s just another person whose population is about 20 to 30 people in the same place at the same time.

"Class Mate...Is it like冒険hronization of adventure school? Comment In the story, he was warned about St. Rokudo, but he is also a dead attribute magician?

。 However, it’s hard to see that I’m the same as me.”

"In his explanation, I remember that I was saying that. However, I was strongly warned about the rebirth of your fellow, Kanako Tsuchiya, who is more than sixth road from him.

』

Vanderoo is stunned to the word of Heinz, and the slaughter and alertness to him. Do you think of the dangers of the canako from the six-ways that Vandalu has been prevented and historical confusions?

Vanderou cannot understand its thoughts. Canaco, and Dag and Merッサ have been backed by Asagiri people in the past. However, it would be the same as the six roads that were操ing the canakos behind.

If Asagi is trying to spread the Canako Threat theory in various places, it may be better to ask what is going on. ......I don’t plan to kill the difference of opinions, but it is also a problem to leave the reputational damage spread.

If this is just a general person, I can say that it is just like it. However, Asagiri is a high grade adventurer, he is hired by the Duchess of Burgit, so he has more than general speech. I want you to be aware of that point.

I think Vandalu, but Kanako is a 芸ding artist who increases the vida followers in live and concerts, so it is not wrong to warn them that they are dangerous to those who are confronting religiously.

Asagiri people don’t know that Kanako is a ge。, and they don’t warn them in that sense because they have a thin religious consciousness.

"Oh, I'm not!"

“Well, wait!”

At that time, the arrows of the adventurer party brought by Heinz were suddenly released to Vandaloo.

Perhaps he was in a super nervous state. Vandalu said, "I can be killed," he always aimed at killing, and it was a place to relax. It also accelerated the appearance of the 感gue if it is normal.

It suddenly disappeared. It is not impossible to see the gap and attack it reflectively.

And when a man of a bower releases a arrow, an adventurous party that ignores the voice of the jennifer's arrest, puts swords and spears, and tries to 動 magic. However, the next moment the intense collision sound was heard.

"[Shine Steel Wall]!"

The shield of the deliza moved before the bow was stopped by the witch king.

っ

Vandalou attacked by stretching the arms of the witch King with the speed that the bow can not react.

Heinz was a sword in the head of the Crab, the King of Use.

"It's not good at this." However, I want to continue to talk with you.

On the feet, the arrows with bows are。. Heinz defeated with a sword and prevented him from hitting the King.

“........ If you want to push the sword as he aimed, is it for the face?”

"If you say that the skull, you don't think you make such a weakness. I'm here.

It is the right answer to the contraindication. Let's talk back

The other side of the scissors should not be pressed by Edgar, so Vandaloo gave up to start killing.

Vandaloo is also known as rational. Heinz's "five-colored blades" and "five-colored blades"

He wants to kill the “five-colored blades” and perhaps the strongest is the “five-colored blades” that can use the power of the bellwood and the spirit. However, it is dangerous for the six-way holy.

This is how strong the "five-colored blade" is now. That's it. However, it is not possible to move from Orbaum to lead the Vanderlus and the fight force to save the honey.

As the sixth road was "Origin" in the gap, if the shock wave of death is released, etc., and the discriminatory slaughter is performed, the eyes will not be applied.

If the power of the shockwave is the same as the origin, the eyes will be able to withstand if it is the same as the D-class adventurer or more life force. After the second time, it may prevent shock waves by magic, magic items, and martial arts.

However, even if the adventurer and the Knights of Orbaum survive, people who are unrelated to the fight will be completely destroyed unless luck is good.

The obligation to protect the safety of the country’s capital, which is not officially formed, is not in Vanderou... It is an adventurer who belongs to each ルドld of the subject matter, and is a taymer and a merchant.

In addition, the principal of the Arkurem family has been replenished over and over again, and the principal of the Hadroth Jahan has passed the stage that the obligation is considered to be.

That’s why I don’t want to leave Orbaum because I’m trying to get the honeys.

“The purpose of the Sixth Road is to me.”

Vandaloo reverted the consciousness to the honeys, increasing the killing and alertness again, and then reverted the story. Heinz also puts the sword in sheath. ......Edgar was not in the middle, and he was urged by the honey.

“The purpose of our site is not the final purpose?”

“For this world, it is important to kill me and finish it.” Perhaps, after I was able to go to this world, I would like to try to do something else in the past world.

Vandalu answered the words of the Daeriza next to Hainz. However, it is possible that the sixth road is suicide immediately after killing Vanderou, and to embrace the re生ation of the other world. However, Vandalou thought that it was not possible.

For Rodocolte, it is not likely to rebirth a dead-type magician like a six-way that can爆発ly increase the undead.

(Well, there is a possibility that you are bound to curse as I did.) But I don’t worry about it)

You should try to kill six times more than thinking about what you were killed.

“I want to become a god of this world when I try to do it in a different world?”

“With the faith of people, there will be no time-consuming means to be God after death.” I don't think that Alda has accepted.

I think that I would be able to destroy existing countries and wash people who survived as my followers.

A giant god of his own... Vandaloo, which is opposite to the construction of a stone statue and the temple of the Great Temple that made his own life, can not understand and 感pathize even if he can imagine and understand the world.

In the first place, there is a physical body, and even if there is no faith from the believer, it is possible to live. If you are aiming for a standing life, you should aim at the unified state of Baangaia.

。 It is a dangerous existence than you think. Is it possible to fight together until it defeats the sixth rite?

』

“...Do you think a little?”

He float on the face of the vandaloo, who immediately kicked the fearless proposal of honey. However, it is not possible for Vanderou.

“Will you think that the crowds ofガー and Augers are in conflict? Oh, it’s not an example ofガー or Augers. I just gave it as an easy-to-understand example.

If you look at the situation that Vandalou said, you will think that you will be able to retire the person who survived the battle and get the interest of the husband, or run away in the gap. If you are a fighting adventurer, you may intervene in a contest, trying to retire your own hands.

But don’t try to allyガー or auger. It is attacked when the shoulder is  .

“So, don’t take care of us until we defeat the Rokudo holy and don’t go to Orbaum.  

The request for Vandalou...The “five-colored blade” was uninterrupted. I wanted to avoid being a three-way bus because I couldn’t cooperate.

However, at the same time, it was a pain to Vandalu because it was painful for Vandalu, so it was said that it would be better to kill.

First of all, Heinz suppressed the performance of the demons to the extent that they can defeat without suffering. If you are killing, you will be able to lose your honeys and have a quiet time.

However, in the end of the meeting with such a contradiction, Vandalu decided to run out to break down the de。s of the material of [the 片 of the King] away from Heinz.

"I'm waiting! For me, my brother is important!"

But at that time Sele  screamed towards Vanderou.

"So,"

“I understand it.”

Vandalu said that the serene shout was blocked. She has no resentence, but I would like to avoid being able to see more than being near the "five-colored blade". In addition, it seems that there is such an opportunity in the future, but rather than repeating the same thing, I thought that it would be better for her, and for her mental health.

"Your precincts are very important. It was written in a letter. What they do in the past, but it is natural that they will benefit from the help of life, and if you spend time with you, it will be a natural flow to think like a family. It can convince and understand

In the words of Vandalou, the face that Sele  was surprised. Diana and Jennifer didn’t seem to be able to understand it.

That’s it. It’s not the reason I don’t kill because it’s a fair person for you.”

So, the word of Vandalou and the strength of the rejection put into it, Sele。 thought.

“T」’s that...”

It's like that. After securing you, you might have attacked the village of a person who has sealed the “five-colored blade” of the “five-colored blade”.

There were some people who took care of them. But they attacked and killed some mer、. That’s the same thing.

Heinz recalls that he had been asked to the Duchess of Fasson in the past, and recalls the words of Vandalu.

"Well, the seal of the merのs and the王s of the King ..."

“The Positive God of the Red and Southern Sea” The magician who was friendly with her. 【De。s of the King】 One of the reasons why we want to kill your predecessors

Vandaloo, who says the doraザ of the queen of men and the dediria of the beast.

“Is one of the reasons why it’s not the main reason?”

At that time, the thoughts of Vandalu came to the question that Jennifer was sad.

“It was the request of the adventurous ルドld of the Amid Empire that delivered his mother. I don’t know how I did it, but I survived. What?

"Jennifer, I'm down!"

The sword of the honey was 剣 down as a hammer to the jennifer, without thinking about anything.

[Sonic Slash]

Then, Edgar cuts off the other side scissors aiming for each honey.

“Edgart!”

"I've come from the other, I'm not going to work!"

“Heinz, Edgar says! That’s not the end!”

Heinz, who confessed with Edgar, but did not end with it as Dianabol warned. A countless tactile is generated from the cut surface cut down by Edgar, and the jennifer is attacked.

In addition, the face of the crab's belly is largely opened. The black tube extends from the mouth.

And I shot something while roaring.

"【Enhanced full capacity value】!"

"I'm sorry, I can't do it!"

】

"[Shine Steel Wall]!"

Dianabol strengthens his companion’s ability, and the shield is used by the Devil’s 術s shot by the magnitude of the crystal, and the fist that the jennifer repeatedly at high speeds is punched out the手を。, and the slasher of the honey is切りed to the body of the wizard.

Purple blood splashes and splashes from the body of the demons.

"Down, poison!"

Heinz screamed that the blood contains strong volatile poisons, and all of them take a distance in the moment. It is not to follow it, and the head of the crab is diagonally slit.

And the King used to stop movement.

“What did you talk about? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

Vandaloo continued to talk through the demons, as if he was not aware of what he was hurting, as if he had been attacked earlier.

My mother was alive. However, I can’t understand if I can’t forgive the インs.

If the "five-colored blade" has made the mother alive, it's not easy to understand.

Dalcia survived. However, it is due to the work of Vanderouts, and Heinz does not cooperate with it and is not helping.

If the victim recovers from the damage due to his own efforts, he shall not allow any harm. It should not be forgiven.

Heinz killed her mother twice. Don’t cause a third time to kill.

“But if you kill your honey, you shouldn’t be safe for your mother! How much is your enemy in addition to honey? What should we do if we try to revenge you as we resent that we have killed them?”

If you are trying to revenge for me, just hit it. Any time, no matter how many times I have.

Diana's claim is the most. The safety of Dalcia is not guaranteed because Heinz killed.

There was always a possibility of dying in traffic accidents, natural disasters, etc. in the "Earth" that does not exist. Heinz slaughter only eliminates one of the few dangers. However, because Vandalou is the most dangerous factor, there is much meaning to eliminate it.

In addition, what happened because the chain of revenge occurred by killing honeys? Resent is a chain. When Vandalou stops only the thing to the Heinz, the resentence of the world continues to be a constant among other people in another place.

Vanderou has already killed people in the mountains, and some of them have been resented. If the  prit knows that Vandalou, there are few people who are trying to revenge.

And Vandalou will continue to attract people. Terkatanis may be killed.

It is a fantasy that the battle ends someday. The organism continues to struggle in the past, and there is a mice, etc. because it does not forget the grief and hate even after death.

So there is no reason why Vandalu does not allow Heinz.

“I don’t want to hear it anymore. I have a bow. I didn’t know it. Thank you for your understanding.

That’s it. Oh, it’s good to move... I’m...

It was a messenger who tried to change his body again, but the upper part of the body fell completely down and became two. Then, if the limit is reached, it will become dust when the end is closed.

“...I don’t have a word for me.”

Deraiza answered the jennifer who screamed.

"Maybe there is no awareness that you have attacked. I was thinking too much of a ... I think I could continue to talk like I did not.

Jennifer drifted cold and sweat to the answer of Deliza. In fact, I will have stepped the tail of the   earlier. Vandaloo is not the main body, but it was lucky to come in a minute.

At the same time, at the same time, I thought that I could be able to devote Vandalu's aim to myself from the honeys. It is necessary to avoid being killed immediately after dev . At least, it should be done after you have made a “h ic descendant”.

“... I didn’t want to do it. Is it about 11 ranks?

However, the strength of the use of the crab was not so much. It is evidence that Heinz defeated the Goddess of the Night without the Delザs.

However, it is because Vandalou suppressed its strength.

"It's so much." However, this is like the use of Vandalu, as Heinz said. It is a disposable piece that can be made for everyone.

I don’t think that I don’t want the body.

I didn’t see it, but Edgar stinged the nails to the cooperative adventurer.

When I saw that crab, my head was heated in a。. Why did I remember my a ?

However, I remembered puzzles for my speech and感情s. When I asked myself, I asked myself that I was killed and decided to resent.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. In addition, I was not only me, but also the honeys and derザers were in目に.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

So, I judged the personality of the remaining Edgar.

And a small powder of the soul of the gudulanis, who is mixed with his soul, remembered irritation. Using a part of your own body, you can create your own magic.

In humans, I felt like I was showing up that I had beenを見せ ous while I was sleeping.

A little more. A little more patience.

So repeatedly, the soul powder continues to dive deep into the soul of Edgar.

"Brother ..."

"Seleい, I've been scared."

Heinz strokes his head to relieve sele。.

“...Is it going to Orbaum?”

"Oh, it is not possible to leave the world to Vandalu, because the reincarnation of Rokudo is dangerous.

The wish of Vandalou was behind, and the honey was hardened with the intention of orbaum.

(Don’t be killed by him until the ambition of the sixth saint)

Heinz was going to give her own neck depending on the condition. And the condition is that the safety of the body of Sele、 with the fellows, and theぎ of the Alda fusion is moderate (such as proactively aiming for life rather than confrontation with textiles etc.). And it protects not only the new species of Vida, but also humans.

The last condition was to be confirmed, but when defending them, Vandalou did not hesitate to give out the neck if he swears to God and the name of the mother. This is also known as bellwood and edgers and derザers. Sele、 has not yet spoken.

Alda may have an objection, but it is not possible to force bend the will of the honey determined to be inserted.

In the case of God-giving instructions, the deprivation of the defender is also punished by those who decide to die. Innocent.

In addition, if you lose yourself, Alda was thinking of losing the central power to fight Vandalou.

I’m not going to overestimate myself, but for Alda, I can’t prepare it. If it is easy, it is possible to tailor a dinosaur that has the same power as you in a hundred years or thousand years, this world should be exactly the form you want.

It has been about 100,000 years since the Battle of Gラanis, and about 50,000 years since Bellwood was enclosed in the sinner. If possible, it should be done. I can't do that.

......Vandalu, for Arda, there is also a reason that there was a presence that could have a greater sense of crisis than the Democratic Party.

(However, after my head was inserted, Vandalou would not be able to protect the world if it was defeated by Rokudo.)

This story can be proposed to Vanderou after the Rokudo Holy is defeated)

At the Silky Zaccart Mansion in Orbaum, Vandaloo was just like a dead.

"Vandaloo, I did my best."  

......

"Van, good, good child"

Even if you are emb ed by Dalcia, even if you are 撫ed by Paulina, you can hear the voices such as "A" or "U" or the air leaks from the lungs, and the voices that are difficult to distinguish are leaked.

"Drink juice"

“Van-like! A huge pudding is made with gold powdered steak!

“Oh, you should prepare a bath of gold coin? But when I did it before, it was unreputed that it was actually something to do.”

Aisen prepares the juice of his fruit, and the eleonola decorates with any pineapple gold powder, and Zadilis decides whether to prepare a golden bath with gold。 instead of hot water.

“Van, look at it! From your favorite relaxing poses... Double-by-seps!”

Yuma presents excellent body beauty, but the reaction is thin.

“Well, I’m not alone. Is there anyone in the world of Van?”

“It’s like Ullika and Mari, together with Plu-chan, to Tarosムme... It’s about the former emperor.”

“What’s bad at the time? I don’t want to fried the legion from the castle... I don’t have muscles for my bones.”

The saria and rita without muscles have risen to raise the eumatism.

"Ather and Simon pose! Because we have muscles that we don't have! I'm Nathan!

"Yes!? No, I pose, because there is no hind legs......"

“Is there a abdo  muscle, a wide back muscle, a large chest muscle, or a large hall muscle? Let’s take off your clothes so that Artサーs can easily understand your muscles! Let’s take off!”

“Well, wait! Sarria, Rita, and you can be underwear before you have a minor.”

"Ather, who said to be the underwear!? It's all!"

"It's so incomparable! Please bear it!"

"I'm my brother! I'm running away!"

"Hui!? Master! Let's get up!"

"Rita, Saria, calm down! Vandalu should not be required!"

However, Lita and Sarria lost me almost in the condition that Vandalou had never been. Miriam and Calinear stand out to protect the soft skin of Artサーs.

"Hey, Bo-chan, Parade"

"Ginshagisha"

Cuiy

“Kirakira, Kirakira, My Kirakira!”

"Ababababababababababababababababa!??"

"Kinberly! I'm leaking to Olbia!"

“Abababababababababababababababa!??”

"The Kimberley also seems to be unmovable because of the shock that some of his own flows forcefully by the leakage."

"Yes, even if you sing, the voice will be destroyed in the scream of Olbia and Kimberley. I didn’t have any preparations and meetings.

A gorgeous parade is performed indoors, with the sams,トs and pines that have been moderately reduced by the skill of changing the size and shrinking in the hall. And the Kanako on the throne of Sam had to sing, but it seemed that there were troubles such as 電ing and leaking Kimberly and Olbia.

By the way, silky is also changing the interior to a luxurious specification, but at this stage I did not give the result.

Please drink my blood. It should be a little better. I like my tail.

“Well, my blood is... How do you do it? I’m going to tail!”

"My mother stops! I'm defeated by anemia! I don't have a tail!"

"Miss, then use my blood. I've been training, so I'm stronger than your wife."

“Mahalia is no good either! In the first place, can Vandalieu drink anything now!?”

"It seems difficult to make a presence in this environment..."

"Zona, what are you doing? You're also participating in the parade! You're already taking lessons!"

“Wow!? It hasn’t even been a month since we started!?”

“There’s no need to worry because the audience is only family members!”

Belmont tries to offer himself, and Amelia is shocked when she tries to follow him. When Elizabeth tries to stop her mother, Mahalia says she will take her place. Zona, who should have been the first to distance herself, was forced to participate in the parade by Kanako.

“Ah! ”

“We have to do something too.”

『Gishii』

Then Bloodsucker and Jubokko come into the living room.

That day, an impromptu party was held inside the Silky Zuckert Mansion to encourage Vandalieu.

If the Legion, Bone Man, and Braga who were in the castle were here, even Silky's soundproofing ability wouldn't have been able to hide the commotion from the nearby residents.

If Rikudou Hijiri were to exploit Vandalieu's gap, it might have been at this moment.

Incidentally, Vandalieu only collapsed from extreme stress, so he recovered an hour later.

The next episode will be posted on November 9th.