Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 353: The truth revealed and the resurrection of Guduranis

Happy New Year! Thank you for your understanding.

Combating with the six-way that released Gudulanis' [In ct] is the ultimate in irritation...for the "five-colored blade".

っ

Jennifer who couldn't avoid the attack of [the arm of the King of the Witch] born in the sixth road, but the movement was stopped because he crossed the arm.

The Sixth Road strengthens the attack.

"Death! I kill you and become the only God in this world!"

He shoots a fist that produces countless arms from the back and indulges the magic of the dead attribute. However, not for Jennifer.

“Is the only thing that lost the sense of hiding the sound?”

Vandaloo changed his arms to the magnolia ovaries against the black fist.

"Flame Jail Death, Eggs"

When the oval filled with the [Mae no fat] that can be released continuously, the oval is killed in a black fist, and a small explosion is caused and the fist is destroyed and shot down.

The fight against the sixth road was not irritating but careful. The magic that appears in the city of Orbaum is not disappearing when it falls six times. If you try to kill each honey, the honey will be prevented by collaborating with the six roads.

Jennifer and Dianabol are different from Heinz for Vandaloo.

“Jennifer”

In order to cover the jennifer, heinz and edgar are cut into six ways. Jennifer had two護s and decided to take a distance to try to set up the situation, but he had to convince them.

[Button of mud snake]! [One flash]!

A mud-shaped snake is tangled quickly into the body of the jennifer, and a cane with a heart and a star decoration is sprinkled towards her.

“Wow!? Why do you want to see it?”

"I'm determined because I'm sorry!"

Kanako answered the words of Jennifer, who had a high viscosity mud serpent with the physical ability and magical power risen by the [Serpentance].

"What's it? The enemy of the front is also a six-way?"

“I’m sure you and your elfs are there to defeat that sixth time! [Rapid claw kick]!”

“What do you mean? What do you mean?”

Jennifer twisted and avoided the kick of the canako which changed the legs to the kick of the  tor. It was a canako who tried to continue attacking by following it, but suddenly descended back to avoid [death bullet].

“...Is it like that?”

I noticed that it is a six-way that knocked down the attack of Heinz and Edgar, and Jennifer distorted the face.

She and Diana are used as a shield for Vanderou on six directions.

Vandalou is not hesitant to kill the Heinz, Edgar, and Deliza of the “five-colored blades” re es of Dalcia. Now I have priority to defeat the sixth time, but I don’t know how to beat the sixth time. Neil, where you want.

But Jennifer and Diana are different. If you’re wondering, they joined the Five-colored Blades after they moved to the Kingdom of Orbaum. In other words, the two are not the enemy of Dalcia. So Vandaloo is not the neglect, jennifer and Dianabol do not kill intentionally.

The sixth road has noticed that he uses jennifer and Diana.

To this evidence, six roads left Kanako and supported Jennifer. To keep using her.

“I didn’t know yet, but I didn’t know anything.”

Rokudo himself did not hide it.

The wings and edgars that have been cut down were 顔ed in the arms of the magus. However, I started to嘲 the canako immediately.

"But I'm surprising. Instead of the owner, you can’t be unaffected, you can get the first end of the refugees to lead dirty work.

It is not a  al dog. Vandalou seems to be more competent than Kanto Izumimiya as the owner."

Vandaru, who was called a dog, and his owner, said to be口ed in the words of the six-way, which was put on a small scale, said to his mouth.

“Eh, don’t give up suddenly, don’t you come up with an anti-vomiting?” Hey, Van?

"Yes. I'm sorry, but I've lost the rightness due to the fact that I've lost the 気facts of the King?

There are many people who go on and name dogs such as Aila and Eleonola, so recently Kanako and Vanderou that can not hear the appearance of dogs.

“Is it a bird if you want to see it now?”

The appearance of the transforming armor is like a bird that spreads beautiful wings. However, in fact, the wings and kicks have changed her own body, and the design of the disguise itself is simple.

The leotard type, but the back is almost swelling to wing. A short skirt-like decoration on the hips, and a kneehy socks in the middle of the thigh. The arms are hidden in long gloves up to the elbow, so it seems to be normal in the current state where the wings are born with [chaotic].

“I don’t lose my mouth.” [De ation of the King of the Devil] and the use of the dead attribute magic......Vandaloo! You are not aware that your own deeds are depressing your power!?]

"I don't know if I 。 up the in、ct, but suddenly it became short. That’s what I want to understand. “I don’t know if I can’t use my own power effectively.”

Make a liquid metal with the Death Attribute Magic, make dyes with [Making's ink bag], and make a liquid metal with [Goム Creation]. The beads and lamés used for decoration are also processed from the material collected from the [Witch King's Flaws].

Therefore, Vandaloo does not remember resistance to use [the missing of the magical King] or the dead attribute magic. I’m just using myself for what I want to do.

It is a proof of the significance of self existence for Vanderou, a means to teach with others and is a pleasure. Therefore, it was impossible to understand and em  even if the values of the sixth road can be imagined for Vanderou.

"It is a material that I can do freely, and I am not obliged to make high performance equipment for my colleagues." Rather, if you think about the thing in "Origin", is it the person who has disliked the dead attribute magic?

I tried to experiment with human body using the same reinforcer's companions and any子供less child, and finally I decided to "Origin".

Therefore, the image of the dead attribute magic was quite worse with "Origin". It is not attached to the bottom because it prevents the non-dis   mass slaughter of the six-way in the shade of Vandalou. Part of Vandaloo, who joined the god of "Origin" is also suppling, "What is the time for me to come home?"

"You, I'll be...!"

However, Rokudo did not know about himself. On the contrary, he was aware that the a。 was even higher, and at the same time, it was a star indicating that Vandalu's "sh。" was. The a  of Vandalou and its subordinates has become inevitable.

In the past decades, we have continued to slept in the back of [Bevers]. I enjoyed the best friend of Iwamiya. Where did they disappear? I’m so wondering.

(It’s a predecessor to kill people!)

However, the a  that springs out without limits, the whole sense of ability by the magical power that rises proportionally, and the most essential shouts are not conf。.

(Yes, it is important to me in the current state while opening the in、ct to control this struggle and survival! I should not lose it!)

“If I’m a magician, let’s try it!”

By changing the a  that springs up, the sixth road concentrated the magical power and created a new death attribute magic.

"[Slasher blades], it is good to get the blade to cut the life!

The magical power of the dead attribute became countless blades, and it was released from the sixth way to sting or kill all the life around.

"It's up to you!"

"【Ex e Proposal】! ... I don't react after all!"

The blades of the [Slasher Blades] have the characteristics of automatically targeting all the life of the other than the genius, and some blades head not only Vandalu and Canako, but also honeys.   he saw it as a favorite, or just trying to attack them, Vandaloo tried to crush and hit [Impact] in [Slasher Blades].

However, the blade of the death that the six-way released was cut off.

"It's funny, the magic is overwhelmingly more than Van."

“Is it possible to converge by turning the magical force into the shape of the blade, and to create a technique that exceeds the great Vandalu magic if it is only on the surface of the blade?”

"I see, I broke the defense of the face with a line. It’s technically技. However, it is only necessary to care about the surface of the blade.

The Kanako and Gphadoghan, which are considered, are撃 [slasher blades] in magecraft. Gwhadghan has distorted the space and distorted the blade, and canako弾e rocks made with earth-type magic, and plays on the side of the blade.

Heinz also chewed the facts pointed out with the attack of Kanako, and Jennifer and Dianabol devoted himself to the protection, and he coped with [slasher blades].

Then Vandalou chewed the ghosts that changed their appearance to the skull of black flames by the [Ghost Magic].

"I know the skill is proud of it from the front. However, I can deal with it.

The technology that was高め by my studies is used for you, but at the same time, the powerful magic of you is troublesome. However, while I’m doing this, I’ve learned the power of Gudulanis by the ability of [Aberon] and continue to grow my magic!

That’s it!

At the same time, the wizard flew from the view of Orbaum, which became ble. The wings, special abilities, and magecraft are flying through the sky and trying to gather in命令 with the six-way commands.

“What do you mean by gathering the magical things that you are now?”

“I’m an understated magic, but I’m not sure if I’m strengthened by the magical power of the King Gudulanis, you can defeat it.”

In the magecraft of [Scr。 Force Enhancement], the attack force of the mage will be strengthened, and the magecraft of [Death Delay] will continue to move for a while even if fatal damage is received. In addition, it may be possible to strengthen the magic by developing improvisation and new magic.

“Certainly, it will be a bit of a hassle if it comes true.”

Thinking so, Vandalieu answered Rokudo. And Heinz and the others, who were left out of the conversation between the two, and Kanako, who was preparing for the next situation, frowned. For them, it seems like "a little trouble" will be more than enough.

“Come on, you monsters! "My power..."

「「「――――！？」」」

Rokudo's voice was drowned out by the demons' screams of death and fear.

After the people were rescued and evacuated, Quattro's cannon fire and Volks and Godwin, who chased the monsters from the ground, struck one after the other, knocking them down one after another.

“Guruaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! ”

The one who was particularly ferocious was Knochen, who had changed into an upright dragon-like figure... [Dragon form]. It spreads its bone wings and spits [Dragon Poison Breath] toward a corner of the city where no one is left, including adventurers and soldiers.

『ＧＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯｏｏｏｏｏ……』

Even dragon golems made of mithril and adamantite, which should not be affected by poison, are eaten away, rusted, and dropped. It's terrifyingly powerful.

"Guru-on"

However, Knochen seems not to be interested in boneless prey, and without any particular emotion, he kicks the debris in the direction of the building and immediately heads towards other monsters.

“Damn, monsters! [Quickly come out of the dungeon! ]”

Rokudou shouts in dismay at the monsters, who are defeated before they can get close enough to cast magic, and whose numbers are rapidly decreasing. However, the monsters don't seem to be responding to that.

There was almost no change in the pace at which new monsters appeared from the gates that lined the town, which was deserted except for the monsters who were unable or unable to fly away, and the adventurers and knights who were fighting them.

“Gnuuu...! ”

“It was a plan that would be a bit troublesome if it were to come true…but it doesn’t seem like it will come to fruition.”

That's what Vandalieu said to Rokudou who groaned in frustration. His consciousness is also connected to the Familiar King, who is fighting against the monsters that keep springing up inside the dungeon created by Rokudou. As a result, it is known that the pace at which new monsters appear in the city is not increasing.

『Gishaaaaaaaa』

“Van~, I’m here~!”

“Lord Vandalieu! ”

「…………」

And I came to the battlefield is not a magical thing, but Ira to Peat, Pine and Pauvina, Rvezfor. And it was Randolph who has been flying with the spirit magic.

"Vandalu, the king of choice was safely recovered to Sams!"

“The evacuation of people in town is almost over, and Sam searched and turned, and Kunohchen and Kwantoro take a little distance for me!

Simmons are doing their best to keep them in!

"Oh, it is the foot stop of the cedar. Let Simon tell you that you can break bones thousands of times if you are 暴ent. Thank you for Pauvina and Ira.

So, Dr. Dandrip, who is a school, how did you dye your hair?

When Vandaloo, who heard the evacuation situation from Pauvina, moved his eyes, there is Randolph who returned the hair dyed in red hair with magic.

He was silent for a few seconds, but he opened his mouth as determined.

No problem for school All students and other staff were evacuated in the dungeon. The entrance is protected by meorilis, so you can’t enter the magic.

That’s why I think that this isn’t going to break down in a tight situation like this.”

“You’re the true Landorff!? Did you rush?? It’s hard to see your help in the crisis of the revival of the Devil Gudulanis!

“I read the air and make youth! Now I’ve been named from me!”

By shouting the real name on the s ptor, Heinz, who attempted to defeat his original body, he became台ed. After all, it was a rand ruf who regrets that it was good for me to beat it earlier, but it was a regret.

“Oh, Randruff? Isn’t you a Dr. Dandrip?”

Heinz's voices sounded loudly, and the name of the Randruff was delivered to all the ears in Pauvina.

"Please wait, that person is not Randolph!"

However, there was a person who 唱ites. Kanako is a respected person.

"This voice has no doubt." He is a 詩brity of travel!

I had changed my voice and tone when disguise, but I couldn’t deceive the Kanako’s ear.

“What was the true identity of Dr. Dandrip and Randrph?”

“Suman, Kanako” Rudolf and Dandrip are a temporary figure that I changed. This is the name of Randolph. A S-class adventurer who should be re ed

When Kanako performed regularly in the city of Moxie, the Duchess of Alcム, he saw that he is the same person as the blue hair elf遊, Rudolf and Randrph. It’s what I wanted to do, but Rdolph is also a temporary figure.

“Yes, right? Isn’t it a real business?

“Oh, I didn’t really know.” However, it is true that you are imp ed with your music and the attitude of trying to teach it.

......Vandalou, it is true that it was chilled or chilled before. I would like to say, but don’t forget it in this place.”

One of the preliminary school teachers of the previous trip was the S-class adventurer. It is shocking, but it is not that it was backed separately. Canako is surprised.

」

So Vandaloo was convinced that Dandrip was Randolph and there was no resistance to accepting it.

"I'm not talking about this place. However, it seems that the sixth road is not the same as the sixth road."

The sixth road was silent and I saw one point. It was the existence of losing the gap between Vandalu and Vandalu.

"Vida: It was that the gods were able to get their body for a long time!"

The six-way approach was Dalcia, a black skin elf beauty with a神ance on the legion that was set up in one. She was a six-way that she was pulled from Rodo Corte, but she was surprised to see that she would be able to do it for a long time.

“Oh, what should we say for the first time in tens of thousands of years?”

Dalcia, which was unified by the body of the Vida, is a six-way in the mouth of the collapsed, and corresponds to the presence of the enemy.

"And the main thing is Dalcia, the owner of this body, and I'm just lending my strength. Well, it’s important to say that you are called by any name.”

The mouth and attitude are almost Dalcia, and the intention is almost Dalcia. However, the feeling of being released from the whole body is very large. And the power.

Gudulanis once lost the Arda to the braverwood who was 護 by theマs of Pharman Gordo and Nine Road. The sixth road with the memory of Gudulanis understood the strength of the presence descended from the Great God.

(But it is possible to continue to fall without any side effects than I expected.) Unexpected: The meaning of “five-colored blades” has disappeared!)

The sixth road was in ting Dalcia and Vandalu. It is calculated that Vandalu was not discarded by the people of Orbaum and dispersed the forces. However, it was unexpected that the evacuation of people by defeating the monsters, and the excessive force of the war came together.

In this way, even if the honey drops down the bellwood, the “five-colored blade” is eliminated by Darussias, and the six-way is strong to fight in the condition that there is no shield.

If so, it is difficult to survive even the six roads with the [In ct] and [memory] of the King. Actually, I feel that [In能ct] is screaming [It is dangerous! ], and the reaction of [H d Sensing: Death] increases.

However, it is not only the sixth road that is chased. In fact, "five-colored blades" were perfect.

"...Hintz, it's time to pull. Let’s go back to Seleの’s place

Deザers who have guessed the same future as the sixth road, which is eliminated by Dalcia and Vanderou.

Even if it is “ex、”, it is a companion of Vandaloo who tries to kill themselves. In particular, Dalcia is said to be “unforgiving” before, and at that time it was the first physical body, but the todme was stinged. It is important to keep up with ease.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

If Vandalou loses, it is only possible to defeat the sixth of the Berwood. That’s why it was a honey that ran to this place, but the common enemy ... It was also a crisis of death all of the city of Orbaum, and even before the enemy of the soul of the magical Gudulanis, Vanderou did not have a fight.

However, I couldn’t believe that Vandaloo could defeat the sixth time. And the sixth road was elaborately packed with distance, adjusting the positional relationship, and not to leave.

However, I can be sure that you can defeat Gudulanis, which is revived, because now you can gather up to Dalcia and other members who can descend the Great God Vida.

In addition, the sixth road will not be able to afford to withdraw from you. The problem is whether Vandaloos miss the honeys.

」

“I go!”

Edgar broke out the word of Heinz that I said. I pushed my back to the inner voice that I can bet my life now.

Edgar believed that the intuition of the adventurer shouted that he judged that he should be the youngest in the party to take away from the three bus、ous situation.

“Uohoo! Millions”

Start the deficiency of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit that is mixed with his own soul, and fly out before leaving the martial arts in the same condition as [the primitive].

To the sixth road.

っ

(Wow!?)

Then, Edgar stopped the movement by 揺king to fail the martial arts. You can see it before you go to the temple of friends. However, is it possible to cut into a six-way that is surrounded by the midst of Vandalu and his friends? Now, Vanderlus will be killed by six-ways.

Heinz cannot stop the sudden action of Edgar. The earliest of the party is his.

And Vanderouts do not stop or eliminate any surprise to Edgar’s actions. Edgar is an enemy for him. Even if the enemy is in danger by doing a reckless action, I do not think how to do it in the moment.

The exception is about Randolph, but he is also emotionally the Vandalu side. I don't think that the more the body動くs, the more the reflective, the more the edgar.

And they don’t know what Rodcorte did with Edgar.

It was a six-way.

(Don’t kill it!)

【In。ct】With the screaming, I was penetrating with the fingers of [the arm of the King of the Devil] who stopped the movement and strengthened the thrust of Edgar.

"Oh, I'm."

"Edga is it?"

A sad shout of the honeysuckle is a wood spirit.

“What’s it?”

It was a six-way puzzled with Edgar and his own actions, but at the same time, he relived his soul. Of course, don’t crush the soul by the curse of Rodo Corte. However, you can only touch your soul. You can not scratch your soul just by touching it normally. However, the soul of Edgar was made by the other Rodo Corte.

』

When the body of the six-way begins to cramp off. As he screams in a conf  way, he does not know what happened to him, and at the same time, he becomes more aware of the magic that he can release from the sixth road.

"[Cannon], [Cannon], [Red circle ice slasher], [Stream槍ar]"

“Well, you’re all going to attack!”

Dalcia and Aila will attack towards the sixth way in response to Randolph's Ordinance, following Vandaloo, a 感  of the attack magic, remembering a dislike feeling.

Those attacks gouged, punctured, slashed, and burned Rokudo's body. However, the wound quickly closes and the Demon King's presence grows. On the other hand, the presence of Rokudou became smaller and could only be felt faintly.

“Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Phew, it's back! It's finally revived! I am Guduranis, the Demon King! ”

And at the same time as the black giant that was Six Paths declared this, it emitted a wild magical power that was different from Vandalieu and Mei, but more powerful than Darcia, who had taken Vida down.

The next episode will be posted on January 14th.