Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 51: Flying reincarnated person

Air travel on a military transport plane was supposed to be reasonably comfortable.

"I have a bad feeling. Specifically, it would be too bad luck for this group of people to be on the same plane."

However, [Druid] Joseph Smith looked at the [Bravers] boarding the same plane and muttered this.

"Joseph, you're saying a lot even though it's the first time we've met since returning. Why don't you get a job as a babysitter?"

Derrick Sander retorted to Joseph without trying to hide his irritation. He is a reincarnated person with the code name [Chiron] who was a homeroom teacher in a different class from the one Vandalieu was in on Earth.

The man was a teacher who was leading Murakami on the same school trip as [Kronos], but contrary to Murakami, he didn't care about being called teacher. On the contrary, he did not treat former students as students. However, he is a person who has treated other reincarnated people with the same enthusiasm as on Earth.

If someone asks for help, he will take care of them, and if someone tries to keep his distance, he will sometimes act as a meddler while maintaining that distance. According to Bander, he is ``Asagi who can sense distance.''

Even now, he still hates Joseph and criticizes him, but that's because since he became a member of the [Bravers], he has often served as an instructor for soldiers, police, rescue teams, etc. In reality, she is worried about Joseph, who has become mentally ill due to a mission he is not suited for.

...Still, I have a bad mouth.

"No, you're fine, Derrick. I meant the other two."

"What? Weren't you guys supposed to be hanging out a lot lately?"

Joseph and Derrick turned their attention to the remaining two. They were Misato Nanamori from [Aesculapius] and Masaki Yodo from [Zantman].

"We're both friends, Joseph. I thought this lineup was ominous, too."

"Oh, absolutely."

Both of them were students in different classes from Vandalieu and Hiroto Amamiya on Earth. And just like Joseph, he encountered Vandalieu in a dream.

Although Nanamori was not as stressed as Joseph, he was thinking about retiring from the Bravers. Yodou was carrying out his duties smoothly, but in his private life he was tormented by suicidal thoughts.

They received soul fragments from Vandalieu, whom they met in a dream, and after being guided, they became friends with Joseph and the others and began to escort Mei and Hiroshi.

“This selection is strange.”

And that's the only thing these three have in common. The ability to cheat, the tendencies of previous missions, and even the skills and knowledge possessed by individuals vary widely.

Joseph's [Druid] ability is the ability to manipulate plants. Misato Nanamori's [Aesculapius] is an ability that doubles the effects of recovery magic. And Masaki Yodo's [Zantman] is the ability to put living things to sleep, rendering them incapacitated.

Thanks to Nanamori's own magical skills, [Asclepius] can heal even a fatal injury if there is even a 1% chance of survival. As expected, things will not return to normal without causing any damage.

Yodou's [Zantman] can render the target inactive, whether it's a human, plant, animal, or even a bacteria or virus that can't be seen with the naked eye, as long as there are no obstacles between it and the target within a range of about 100 meters.

Joseph, Nanamori, and Yodou all have abilities that can hardly be said to be suitable for combat. There are times when I am called out, but that rarely happens.

And Derrick's [Chiron] is a cheat ability that targets the person he teaches. There are two abilities: [improving the learning ability of the target] and [promoting the growth of the target].

If he is a tutor, and the students are motivated, it is not a dream that they will be accepted into a famous university and graduate at the top of their class. If we train athletes, we can mass-produce athletes who can compete on the world stage.

Before [Bravers] was formed, he thought about the influence and consequences of his own abilities, and limited himself to increasing the number of successful dieters at the gym. ...The reason why the members of [Bravers] were able to acquire high skills through several months of military training was because he was one of their instructors.

Now, it is protected by an organization called the Bravers, which trains talented soldiers, police, rescue workers, and magicians in various countries.

In other words, despite Derrick's harsh appearance, his abilities are suitable for non-combat situations. It's not that he can't fight...but in terms of fighting power, he's only as good as one soldier.

He is a person with even less significance in bringing him to the front lines than Nanamori.

"Well, I understand what you're trying to say. It's been a long time since I've been on a dangerous mission either. However, this time I guess they were just brought together because the other members weren't free on a mission.

Besides, although this mission is important, it is just an escort. Don’t get so hard.”

After saying that, Derrick patted Joseph on the shoulder and boarded the plane.

There is certainly some truth to what he says. But...

(If you know that Rokudou is your enemy...)

(However, it would be foolish to abandon the mission at this stage.)

Joseph and the others exchanged eye contact and boarded the plane following Derrick.

Then, a few minutes after the transport plane took off and left U.S. airspace, the cockpit became noisy.

“Did something happen?”

“There is a friendly aircraft response on the radar! Our aircraft is locked! Missiles are coming!”

"Oh, a U.S. fighter jet fired a missile at us. That's a much more serious situation than I expected."

Yodo frowned as he was prepared for any danger that might occur after the transport plane took off, such as explosives being planted inside the plane, the pilot escaping with Rokudou's henchmen and the transport plane becoming uncontrollable, and Derrick attacking.

"What's wrong, what happened!?"

"A missile will hit this transport plane in one minute."

"That's tough."

"What!? Can't you send out a decoy? What about a parachute for escape!?"

"It's good to see that the parachute has been destroyed. I can't trust the decoy either."

"Even if you manage to escape, you'll be a bullet fodder while you're stuck in the air."

"...I don't like bullets. Then I prefer missiles."

The two pilots are upset and Derrick is panicking. Then, Joseph, Nanamori, and Yodo calmly exchange words.

Even in the world of Origin, where magic exists, the lethal power of modern military weapons is frightening. It may be superior to Earth's military weapons, as it requires the ability to defeat living enemies who use various types of magic.

Even if they were targeted by missiles, one of those military weapons, while they were traveling in a completely unarmed transport plane, the [Bravers], who had a lot of combat experience, would probably be able to survive.

"Fuck, then we have no choice but to escape! When we fall free and get close to the sea surface, we will use magic to slow down or glide and escape from the enemy fighter plane!"

However, there were three [Bravers] who weren't very experienced in combat, and Derrick, who was an excellent instructor but wasn't that great in actual combat. Transport planes cannot be protected from missiles.

Of course, normally they wouldn't be able to do anything and would have to share their fate with the transport plane, so just having the eyes to survive would be a big deal.

"I'll take care of the pilot, so you babysitters just take care of yourself! Don't interfere!"

After Derrick said that, he tried to take action to help the two pilots escape without parachutes. He was convinced that this was the plan that would give him, the pilot, and Joseph, who was supposed to be mentally unstable, the best chance of survival.

"Instead, please fasten your seat belt and prepare for the impact."

But Joseph and the others didn't move, and instead grabbed Derrick's shoulders and held him back.

"You!? What did you say-"

"No, Derrick, you should encourage the pilot. It's a relief, but [Chiron] may have an effect."

"Missile is coming!"

Derrick was about to yell back, but the pilot yelled out a desperate report. Derrick closed his eyes tightly and pictured behind his eyelids the face of his lover, who was supposed to propose to him after this mission was over.

Then, there was a dull crashing sound that echoed inside the plane, and a shock that made me stagger while standing.

"Mi, the missile misfired...?"

Derrick was startled by the pilot's confused voice and opened his eyes to find that they were alive and the transport plane continued to fly.

"It wasn't that it was a misfire, it was that it was a misfire. With my [Zantman], I put gunpowder, chemical fuel, and other things to sleep."

Around the time Youdo said that, outside the transport plane, a missile that had been turned into an unexploded bomb by his ability was about to fall into the sea.

"What!? Your abilities don't work on inanimate objects!?"

"Until I started babysitting. But the missiles are saved because the range remains the same. They'll come at you on their own. Well, even if you can stop the explosion, you can't stop the collision due to the law of inertia."

"Then, I repaired the broken transport plane using magic that doubled the effect with [Aesculapius]. By the way, my abilities also changed after I started babysitting."

Derrick looked at Yodo and Nanamori with wide eyes as they spoke.

The abilities given to these reincarnated people have room for growth. Whether or not someone can grow depends on the abilities they are given and the efforts of the person themselves... However, it is not a half-hearted thing to make an ability that was not effective on inanimate objects to be effective on inanimate objects as well.

Derrick didn't know about the members of the Bravers who had grown so greatly in their abilities.

In fact, Yodou and Nanamori had never thought that such a thing was possible for them before. In fact, it would have been impossible. However, they met Vandalieu in a dream.

He encountered Vandalieu, who was able to guide the undead carriage so that it could run in the sky, and was given a soul fragment. Growth and change of this magnitude is entirely possible.

"But I just got through the missile. The fighter jet's engine is too far away for my [Zandman] to handle. It would be fine if the opponent gave up..."

"Friendly forces... enemy planes are approaching! They're going to use machine guns!"

"Ah, that's a shame. I'm not good with bullets."

"What?! The missiles worked somehow!? Why can't the bullets work!?"

Derrick yelled at him, and Yodo frowned and answered.

"That's because bullets don't have anything to put them to sleep. By the time they leave the muzzle, the gunpowder has already exploded, and what they see coming towards you is just a lump of metal. There's nothing to put them to sleep.

Unlike [Balor], my [Zantman] doesn't steal energy, it just prevents it from occurring.''

It is possible to prevent the missile from exploding, but there is nothing you can do about the bullets flying at you due to the force of the gunpowder that has already exploded. That is [Zantman]'s weakness.

"Then, if we continue to repair the transport aircraft's armor..."

"I'm sorry for getting your hopes up, but I don't have enough magic power when hundreds of shots are fired per minute."

Nanamori uses earth-attribute magic to change the shape of the plane's outer wall to repair the damage caused by the missile collision, but he forcibly tricks it into thinking it's healing and activates the effect of [Aesculapius].

What I'm doing is close to self-hypnosis, and the extra effort it takes takes a lot of mental power and above all, it consumes a lot of magical power.

"Fuck, then we have no choice but to escape somehow. If we open the parachute at the height that allows us to land, we might be able to escape."

"No, I'll do something about it. As long as the other party closes the distance, we can handle it. Just be prepared to escape."

After Joseph said that, he opened the bander he had brought on board and the amulet bag that Mei had given him, and activated the power of the [Druid].

Unbeknownst to Joseph and his friends, the fighter pilot was a reincarnated person.

Yoshihiko Nishigami of [Sleipnir] is one of the traitors of the [Bravers] who sided with the Six Paths. His ability was that he could improve the performance and abilities of the vehicles and creatures he piloted, and bring out those abilities.

If you ride a bicycle, you can compete with professional athletes who ride competitive bicycles. If you ride a racehorse, you can definitely take first place.

The fact that he is piloting the latest fighter jet means that there is no one who can compete with him in the sky.

However, the missile did not explode. However, although Nishikagami was surprised by this, he was not upset.

"There's no such thing as poor maintenance or coincidence. [Zantman]... He was hiding his abilities."

Naturally, he knew about the abilities of Joseph and the others on board the transport plane. Therefore, he figures out that the one whose missile failed to explode was Yodou's [Zantman].

I don't particularly care about information like it shouldn't work on inanimate objects. He could test it by firing the missile again, but he was the type to trust his instincts.

"Okay, then I'll sink it with a machine gun."

Even if [Zantman] was effective against inanimate objects, bullets fired from a machine gun would not be affected by its ability. With that in mind, he closed the distance to the transport plane. Of course, measure the distance so you don't get within range of [Zantman].

Nishikagami had some leeway. In the first place, the reason he is on a business trip is to protect the lives of the reincarnated people. If we leave it to the humans of this world to stop it, Joseph and his friends might be lucky to survive. He's here just to prevent that from happening.

It's a boring job where you just fly and press the missile launch button once. Thinking so, he felt elation rather than irritation at his target's unexpected resistance.

"But that's all for now. It was my luck that I teamed up with [Druid]. Die, [Zantman] and [Asclepius]. And by the way, [Chiron]!"

And fires a machine gun at the transport plane. However, the countless bullets did not penetrate the transport plane and stopped.

"What!? Is it true that [Zantman] is also effective against bullets!? Or [Aesculapius] also has a hidden ball...w-what is that!?"

Something like grass was growing from the surface of the transport plane that could be seen from the cockpit of the fighter plane. It catches and deflects the countless bullets fired from the machine gun.

“Is that a plant!? No matter how stupid you are as a Druid, you would grow a plant on the back of a transport plane flying at this height...!”

An alarm alerting him to an abnormality in the aircraft interrupted Nishikagami's startled cry.

In the blink of an eye, control of the aircraft was lost, and the engine output also decreased. Then something like grass began to grow on the aircraft visible from the cockpit.

"This isn't grass, it's moss... no, it's mold! That [Druid] bastard sprayed mold spores on my aircraft!"

What Joseph grew on the transport plane was a special mold that had been strengthened with the abilities of a [Druid].

Nishikagami doesn't know why mold is able to grow at this altitude, or why it was able to withstand machine guns in the first place. I don't have time to think.

"No, it won't last until the airport. We have no choice but to escape!"

Having given up on completing his mission, he activated the escape device. The cockpit is ejected from the aircraft, the parachute opens... and it doesn't.

"Huh!?"

This is because mold began to grow from the moment the cockpit was ejected. It grows at an alarming rate, feeding on metal and parachutes.

Nishikagami took off his seatbelt, chanted magic, and tried to fly into the sky on his own to save himself. In "Origin", when evaluating the suitability of a fighter pilot, whether or not he can fly or levitate using magic is considered a major deciding factor. He was also able to fly through the sky like a rocket using fire magic.

It was more difficult than wind attribute magic, but I should still be able to survive.

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"

As long as it doesn't become food for mold while still alive.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaa...!"

The west mirror fell into the sea, becoming nutrients for the mold, without Joseph and the others noticing its existence.

The pilot of the transport plane announces with cheers that the fighter plane's response has disappeared from the radar. Hearing this, Joseph felt relieved and stopped the activation of [Druid].

"What did you do? I thought your ability to control plants was powerless at this altitude...or did you use some kind of magic?"

Joseph showed the amulet bag to Derrick, who was confused.

``Inside this, I carried around a special type of mold spores that an acquaintance had created using magic.It grows in the stratosphere, becomes harder than steel, resists radiation like lead, and can withstand magic like the latest anti-magic shield.

I took it out of the transport plane's air conditioning and multiplied it with [Druid].''

It was made by Mei, who was learning death attribute magic from Bandar. The raw material is just black mold.

"Did that protect against machine gun bullets? But was it a good idea to spread that kind of mold? Isn't that the mold that caused the fighter jet to fall?"

“Also, if that’s the case, I think you could have used it from the time of missiles.”

Yodo and Nanamori, who didn't know about mold, followed Derrick's lead and asked questions. However, Joseph did not use it without thinking.

"This mold is a weak mold that cannot survive in the natural world. Without my [Druid], it would die without being able to survive for even a minute. Therefore, the mold that got outside should have disappeared without leaving any spores by now.

Moreover, although this mold can withstand radiation and magic, it cannot withstand the heat of a mere missile. Also, the spores couldn't reach us unless the fighter jets got close enough.

Above all... it's better to escape now.''

As soon as Joseph's explanation ended, the pilots who should have been cheering now started screaming. This was because a chorus of alarms began to sound, warning of an abnormality in the aircraft.

“Oh, hey, is it because of mold?”

"That's right. They planted mold on this plane to protect it from machine guns, so the nutrients were sucked out and the plane became brittle and unable to withstand flight. I guess this is what happens after all."

"If you're calm!? We're going to escape! Nanamori, repair your parachute with [Asclepius]! Are you ready!? Remember your descent training!"

About five minutes later, the transport plane disintegrated in the air and fell into the sea. However, the terrifying mold had died, and the pilot and crew were able to escape safely.

Narumi Amemiya, an angel, was in crisis while she and her friends rescued the victims of an earthquake that occurred in a city in an African country. Suddenly, armed groups attacked.

I wondered why not only the [Bravers] but also local government forces and rescue teams dispatched from various countries were active, but the armed groups were not suppressed and the offensive intensified.

That's because they were Rokudou's henchmen disguised as armed groups. They wear the latest equipment and use advanced magic, and they also know everything about the equipment and layout of the local government's military and rescue teams.

On top of that, high-ranking local government officials were also collaborators of the Six Paths, so the arrival of reinforcements was delayed.

In the midst of all this, Narumi and her friends were devoted to defending the injured people they rescued, the rescue team, and the military, while protecting them.

There were about ten people here, such as [Angel] who can connect thoughts with others, and [Hermes] Baker, who creates matter, whose abilities are not suited for battle, but they were able to hold out.

However, they cannot go on the offensive with so many people to protect, and they will be unable to move unless reinforcements arrive. As the situation continues to be outnumbered, the reincarnated people and limited death-attribute magic users sent by Rokudou are supposed to take care of Narumi and the others just when the local government's military and rescue teams dispatched from various countries are exhausted.

At that time, a flying car appeared.

“What is that?”

“Did [Sleipnir] come in a strange vehicle!?”

Seen from the ground, it looked like a black van. It looks sturdy, but it doesn't have wings or a rocket engine. However, something black was attached to the ceiling.

“J-Jesus…!”

Baker couldn't help but pray to God when he saw a vander flying through the sky with its wings, attached to a car with suckers grown on its six jointed legs. This was because I could only think that something more frightening and demonic than armed forces had appeared, rather than reinforcements.

It seems that the henchmen of the Six Paths, who were disguised as armed forces, thought the same thing. It has been about an hour since the attack on the Amemiya residence, but in order to prevent Narumi and the others from communicating with the outside world, they themselves have become unable to exchange information with the outside world, which has become their enemy.

If I had known, I would have run away at once, or I would have immediately thrown away my weapon and surrendered. However, the unwitting men pointed their guns at Bandar and the car he was transporting and pulled the trigger.

"Wow!? Are you really okay!?"

Hiroshi was clinging to Ulrika inside the car, where the loud sounds of bullets collided.

``It's okay. This car was originally bulletproof...and now it's coated in my blood and exoskeleton. The glass has actually been replaced with a thinly stretched crystalline lens in my eyeballs, so even an anti-tank rifle won't scratch it at all.''

“A rifle?”

"I'm talking about the one that's shooting the bullet that's making the loudest noise and hitting the car, Me-kun."

Inside the car, which has been converted into a Bander, three people are wearing seatbelts made from Bander's tentacles.

"It's not the car, it's the lady! She's been unconscious ever since!"

Apparently, Hiroshi wasn't clinging to Ulrika, but was trying to bring her back.

``...I forgot about that. Ulrika, I'm sorry, but please wake up.''

"Huh!? W-what am I!?"

``Excuse me, but could you please echo? The only people attacking us are armed forces.''

"Ryo, I understand! [Echo]!"

At that moment, the gunfire that had been concentrated on the car turned 180 degrees and bounced back at the shooter.

With that, Rokudou's minions fell silent. Of course, Rokudou's minions are half-surrounding the city, whose urban functions have been paralyzed due to the earthquake, so there are still more minions who are not here. but--.

"Enemy reinforcements!"

"...It's almost time. Let's retreat!"

Originally, the mercenaries were not ordered to deal with the [Bravers]. Moreover, it is definitely not about exterminating monsters. They even started to withdraw from the organization.

In that case, the reincarnated people and limited death-attribute magic users from the Six Paths side, who were supposed to take out Narumi and the others at the right time, can't come out to the public. There's no way they could win if they were to take on the local government's military, rescue teams from various countries, and monsters all at the same time.

They also retreated among the mercenaries.

The local government's military remained on guard against Bandar, pointing their guns at them, although they were confused. It was Narumi and the others who stopped it.

"My fellow [Echo] Ulrika is in that car! That car is on my side!"

"I-Is that so? Then, is the person on top of that car also a special ability of your friends?"

"Probably so. I'll contact Ulrika and confirm. Please don't attack until then."

Following Narumi's plea, the military commander ordered his subordinates to refrain from attacking. Some of the [Bravers] had antipathy and distrust towards each country, but they were fortunate that they were on a rescue mission and had just fought a common enemy.

The gratitude towards Narumi and the others who achieved remarkable results in the rescue operation, and the sense of camaraderie created by fighting together, overcame Bander's abnormality.

Then, after communicating with Ulrika through Angel and understanding the general situation, Narumi explained that Bander was accepted as a ``Bravers ability.''

“I have mixed feelings.”

Bander muttered as he watched Hiroshi and Mei run to their mother who was safely reunited with them.

"Well, it's parent and child. It can't be helped..."

“I treat it as part of [Bravers]’ abilities…”

“Is that so?”

``Yes. It would be fine if it were part of the power of Ulrika, Joseph, Yodou, and Nanamori... Ulrika, can I call you ``My Master'' for now? ”

"Please stop. The load is too heavy and I will be crushed to death."

Bander has no doubts that Mei and Hiroshi love their parents. Because that's a very healthy thing. Since his goal is the happiness of Mei and Hiroshi, it is a good thing that his family is happy.

"Umm, are you Bander? A friend of Mei's... who helped Ulrika and Joseph...?"

As I was talking, Narumi approached me with Mei and Hiroshi and spoke to me.

"yes. Me-kun and Hiroshi's mother. I'm a bander. I hope you will think of me as your guardian spirit.''

Bander was a little surprised that he didn't feel anything about talking to Narumi, but he exchanged business-like greetings.

``By the way, what are you going to do in the future? I think it would be best to stay in a safe place, treat the injured, and wait until the situation is resolved.''

Bander had no intention of revealing his true identity to Narumi. It doesn't matter as long as Me-kun's mother realizes it herself, but if she doesn't, I don't see the point in opening up about it.

"No, Rokudou-kun... If Rokudou is betraying us and trying to do something dangerous, it is our responsibility to stop him. I don't really know who you are, but... I believe that it is true that you protected Mei and the others. Please take good care of the children."

And Narumi was also unaware of Bander's true identity. Of course. Her former classmates Hiroto Amamiya and Bander have nothing in common in appearance.

Even the voice and tone are different. If this made you realize, you would have realized that the ``undead'' was Hiroto Amamiya.

"I see. ...Well, I thought that would happen. Understood, I will take responsibility for protecting Me-kun, Hiroshi, and Ulrika.

Now, let's go to Mari-chan, Me-kun.''

"Oh, are you going to protect Ulrika too? That's nice, but Mari-chan, where are you planning on going? And Mei too!?"

"Yeah! I'm going to Mari-chan and the others, Gabu-chan, Bo-kun, and Yukki are there too!"

"Mom, he's usually a nice guy, but he never listens to what other people say, so you better be careful."

“Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, Hiroshi, hit me where it hurts.”

Even as they talk, Mei and Hiroshi try to get back into the car. Ulrika also said, "Oh, again!" as she got into the car.

"Oh, hey! Don't do anything you want! Do you think you're allowed to do something like that!?"

Baker can't help but scream, but Bander doesn't stop because he's only a stranger.

“Is there something wrong with not being allowed? ”

Baker was unable to respond immediately and stopped.

It was because I couldn't think of what to do against a monster that wouldn't even get a scratch even after being showered with bullets. A monster that has stopped hiding has nothing to fear.

"Wait! I'm going too!"

However, when Narumi got into the car, I couldn't help but think, ``Huh?'' ” he said out loud.

"Will Mommy come with Mari and the others too!? Wow!"

Moreover, Mei naturally welcomes it, so there is no way I can refuse.

``I can't help it. Well, Mee-kun's fathers are probably there too, so I'd appreciate your help explaining the situation and persuading them.''

“I understand the explanation, but… how about persuasion?”

“Let’s talk about it in the car. It's a sensitive topic that I don't want military personnel or rescue teams from around the world to hear about.''

"Bander, that's fine, but I'm hungry."

``Ah, now that you mention it, it's almost time for dinner. Well then, let's go stop by the supermarket.''

"Stopping at the supermarket!? Are you serious!?"

``Yes, don't worry about paying. The [Valor] card that asked me for the PIN number...can I use it at a supermarket in Africa? If it doesn't work, please wait until you go to a supermarket in Europe or the Middle East.''

While saying that, Vander grabbed the car with one more passenger and flew into the sky again.

Volume 5 of my work has been released! I would appreciate it if you could pick it up when you see it at a bookstore.

The next episode will be posted on April 19th.