Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: The book version 14 release comm ration of the goム that I am worried about

The book version of 14 was released on November 14th.

“I hear it now, but I’m worried about it. Is it okay?

One day, Zadilis said that.

What is it?

“Oh, it’s true... I’m aware that the classification of goムs made by boyas is not a magical organism, but an undead.”

Vandalu, who was asked, convinced, “I see.” This is a question. He has been making countless goムs since he met Zadilis Goul.

"E。ly explained, it is all undead that exists moving by the spirit of the dead. It is not an exception to goム that we make with the spirit of the dead.

However, I think that this explanation is only done, so I will try to explain more words."

"I'm great, I'm curious."

」

She was 撫ed by Zadilis, and Vandalou was delighted. I didn’t move my expression.

。 When the spirit is undeaded, it is divided into two ways. One is a spiritually undeaded existence. This is Ghost

“What is Levia Princess and Olbia?”

。 And the other one is an undeaded being that has something

“What is the object that is too large?”

That’s what it’s like. A mass of meat if you die. Fresh carcasses, turbulent carcasses, and white bone carcasses are not changed.

They change the species as an undead depending on the type of object that the spirit possesses.

Z e if the meat is attached regardless of the freshness of the dead body. Skeleton is the only bone that is attached. Z e-basedゾンビs and Zandia. Lefty of her left wrist. The skeleton system corresponds to bones and kunochen.

"And the spirit is also worth possessing other than his body. A weapon that has deprived of his own life, an item of love from the prenatal, a piece of resent. They are living armor, charismatic carriage, carsweapon.

"Rita, Sarria, Temple of Sam". And now I’ll be the sword of iris.

Let’s think about it. What is the difference between them and goム?

"Well, chi。s? However, there are different things.

Vandalu answered the question of Zadilis.

”Haves contain minerals. In particular, George is almost metal.”

So, soil, stone, and metal are all minerals. Armor, sword, and earth mass and rock are the same.

"It's a 気ent mood, but I'll keep it there."

Thank you. After all, if the spirit is possessed and moved out, it will be undeaded as a result."

Vanderou himself thinks that this classification method is abusive, but it is not a way to do it. When I try to explain from other directions, I can only think of something that is even more 暴ent, “I created a goム because of the effect of the spectral magic for the anti-andal.”

“I’m sorry. However, the undead goム can be heard other than those created by Boya?

“It’s natural.” The spirit of undeading nature is strong for me."

That’s why many of the spirits have their own presence. The corpse of itself. A samurai or work tool that was used as part of the body. Pictures and statues based on their original appearance.

There should be no rims or rims, and there should be no spirits on the soil and stones on the side. It will be a ghost.

......

“I’m fasc、 and commanded with earth and stones and magic.”

I see. It shouldn’t be heard other than Goム, which I created.

When I solved that I was worried, Zadris is nodded with a clear face.

“Oh, I should be able to create something other than me. Tennessia and Goubamon

“A nostalgic name”

The Vampire Vampire of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperity of the Esperture of the Esperture of the Esperture of the H. They were able to create an undead goム, just like Vandaloo.

I created an undead, yamata and z e giant that connects multiple dead bodies different from my life.

“But they didn’t do that.” Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

“Well, I think it’s right?”

Tennessia ranks 13 which is not suitable for A-class adventurers. In addition, some people follow the vampire of subordinates and subordinates. The need to create the earth goム and stone goム of rank 1 or 2 is thin. It is not suitable for her ho s.

That’s why Vandaloo was not. However, the opinion of Zadilis was different.

“I can’t think that people were able to操e the spirits as they were fascを and intimidating.”

The overwhelming difference between the ability to treat the spirit and the technology. Sadilis was convinced that the original vampire did not create the undead goム.

I have not seen Vandalu for more than a decade.

“It’s illuminated if you say that, but please compliment more.”

"Yoshiyoshi, Boya is the dead attribute magician in the heavens"

」

It was a very happy day event.