Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 351: Orbaum being tested

The status of the Kunochen and Quattro were mistaken. Thank you for your understanding.

The distribution of the gates in which the wizards attacked the city of Orbaum appeared was concentrated on the site of the castle, the aristocratic city, the commercial district and the square with each ルドld. It is because Rokudo biased the arrangement of the gate to make it easy to see the cata。phe of the town in Vanderou.

However, there are many gates only by relatively small in residential and slum towns.

“It’s a waste! You’ve come out!”

“What’s it? Where is it?”

“Hey, it’s undead, and there’s an undead here!”

“So I’m asking where you are! Let’s calm and calm!

"Bjaa Aaa!!"

“Oh!”

A mage with a large serpentine on the upper half of the蛇 appeared while destroying the slam restor. On the other hand, the two giants who asked "w。 is the carbohydrate or the undead?" in the blue year were re向きed.

“What is the half of Noble Oak and Gorgon? It seems to be delicious if it is a sake dish!”

Gordwin, the king of the majestic nation, inside the boundary mountain range, came out before hiding the youth that sits from the mage to two.

!」

A strange scream, a magical squeaks the stones in Godwin. His black skin did not become stone.

"In that degree, I can't break the state abnormality! [Roaring Fist]!"

The shock wave generated by the fist of Godwin, the king of the magical family, enters the chest of the witch, the bones are crushed and stinged into the organs.

However, whether the life force or the position of the heart differs, whether the magic is suppling blood, and whether it hits Godwin with a 鉤 claw.

"Poks and serpentine, let's separate! [Dragon killing!]"

The “Kinno” bakes of Tarosム, which leaps out there, shake the giant sword of black lacquer. The upper body and lower body of the magic was crying, and the upper body of the sky was caught by Godwin and twisted the neck.

"I'm living, I'm in the lower half of my body! Do you want to drop in three sheets at once?"

However, the lower body crushes石bles and stone pavements, so theクスs continue to shake the sword.

"Let's smoke later in Vandalu! Let's go there. Are you ready to evacuate?

Godwin voices in adolescents who saw one-sided fights, wondering whether they were killed. Adolescents answered.

“If you’re cracking your けfacts and undeads!”

"It's different!"

If you’re afraid that it’s a けfact or an undead in blue, you’ve finally noticed thatクスs and Godwin screamed with a scream.

“I was undead, but I saw this bow tie!”

“I’ll have a collar!”

They had bow ties and collars. However, the right half of the face is 3 meters tall. Godwin is covered with blue-black skin, with two twisted corners on the head, and a giant of three meters tall when the back produces a wing of the film.

There will be no one in the blue that I didn't know about the neck.

“I’m a ghost man living in Vandalu!”

"It's a vandaloo's obedience!"

But Bokes and Godwin said falsely. Volks has never entered Silky Zaccart Mansion and Godwin has not yet registered as a follower in Taymarルドld.

Since the six-way 行age was large than the expectation of Vandalou,空間 Du, the ghost of the spatial attribute, brought today, is actually the first to enter the city of Orbaum. Butterfly tie and collar are only worn after [transition] here.

“Well, it’s right? So don’t kill or eat me!”

However, it is only a youth of the general. In this situation, there were no精神s and mental abundance that realized the monsters of the two words.

“So, I don’t need to run to the commercial district. Do you like youth, sky or ship?

っ

Godwin looked up at the top, and he lifted up.

“Well, don’t you like it? Well, don’t you?”

Then, I throwed it up.

、 Home  

Adolescents who scream and dance the sky were immediately accepted.

"Gig! Giggykiki! (One person is guaranteed! Resistance is waste.) You have only one choice. )

A young man who continues to scream was taken away by a ship that sails the sky as it is by Gehnaby, a magical thing that looks like a bee and a woman mixed.

Ghenabees can’t speak people’s words, so they wouldn’t have been able to understand that they were rescued.

』

Flying boat ... Kuwatoro was a evacuation shelter and traveled over the residential and slum city. Kuwatoro also came to Orbaum for the same reason as Boks and Godwin.

Of course, people saw a flying boat were surprised. I was surprised, but people who can only see from the ground because the Quattro is flying in the sky were ghost ships ... I do not know that it was undead, and I interpreted it as an advanced magic item owned by the Duke or the temple somewhere. In addition, I started fighting with something that emerges from the cylinder to the monsters with flight capacity, so I was cheered as a symbol of hope.

It seems that it was a safe material for people to draw the seal of Vida and the emblematics of Zakart on both sides of the ship.

"We are the ship of Zakart's Honorary Count. We will do more relief.

"Please do not flee, resist, or attack by frightening."

We are not enemies.

“We are harmless... we have a Guam Dragon out of the gate! There is no survivor in the surrounding area!?”

However, when you remember some unpleasant call of the Dead Sea Four-Season, which was spread by magic, there are Gehenabees who are contacting the ground and evacuating the eva。er descended and they are taken to the sky.

"It's good! Well, go next?" Let’s start fighting with your parents!

“How did you tell me about my daughter’s iris? How do you come with me?”

“Iris left behind in the boundary as well as in Budalion. That’s because it’s now the magician King. “Taros in your place will be the same.”

Vandalu, who puts the war power to Orbaum from the Vidal Magic Empire, also thought that it could be attacked by the gap that was thin.

That’s why Godwin’s daughter, Iris, King Badalion of the Kingdom of Noble Oak, and Talus of the Sun are not called Orbaum. ......Budalion was considered to be a monster from the gate, and there was a reason why it could be attacked by Orbaum's adventurers.

It is a strange story that theリオンalion of the Noble Oak is strong and the undead bokes is good.

There is also because the six roads that created the dungeon were not fasc  by Vandaloo so that the undeaded and the 型のfacts were not created.

“What do you say about you?”

"Oh, I say that ... Oh, half is there!"

On the other hand, the lower body of the woman was fighting.

“Gogaaaaaaaa!”

The legs with a curved beauty that balances strong muscles and elegance will float into the山ble mountain, a monster similar to a bear who has been kicked by the side.

“Gau!”

From the back of the monster similar to the bear, the magic that resembles the leopard flies out and tears the lower body of the woman with a nail, but it is also avoided by the lightness of the lower body. and release kicks at the counter.

However, the leopard-shaped monsters also avoid the kick.

"[Raminari Power Shooting!]"

There was a spear-shaped electric shock, and the leopard-shaped magic that was broken down was not moved by giving a short scream.

"I've finished evacuation here." What is it?

This is the second princess of Talosムme, “Small Genius” Zandia.

』

"It's not a good place to see." If you are, it is underground?

"It's been a long time since the evacuation of the led guys in the middle of the former crime organization detailed around this area, it's already left."

。 What is it?

“What we have delivered now”

He answered the question of Godwin, not the lower body, but the upper body of the woman descended from the sky ... "Healing Lady" Gina. She is able to work in the upper body and lower body by remodeling surgery after undeadization.

"I want to leave the rescue to Ghenaby?" “It’s better than z、es”

“I didn’t like that, but there were people who were trying to escape, so I showed the use of Vida at the “God’s Descending” and took it after being relieved.”

“I don’t see the Undead just as I saw it a little different from the Volks.” [Make-up] and disguise seems to be a safe material for people here.

The face half is different from the skulledクスs, it is difficult to understand that Gina and Zandia are undead just by looking at it. It was successful to get the trust and peace of mind of people by showing the use of [your descendance] of God's use, or by using variants that are familiar with Orbaum.

However, when the upper body and lower body are separated, the body will be removed, and the place to go is Quattro after all.

“Well, let’s look for people who are underマジック ofマジックbles with magic items, and help others when they’re done.”

"Oh! Let's do it!"

In the slam city, the精神s were active while putting a burden on people’s spirit, but the building of the slam city is only part of the Orbaum, known as chaos.

The residential area is wide. There are only general people living there. There are few guards and knights. However, because the number of gates in which the monsters appear is limited to the area, if the monsters are suppressed, and if the evacuation is in。, the evacuation should proceed more closely than other places.

「ＧＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ！！」

“Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! ”

“Grrrrrrrrr!”

“Gururu Ruru Ruru! ”

On the main street of that residential area, monsters were fighting each other. However, the monster's roar on the other side was loud but flat.

"No, the monsters are starting to attack each other!"

“But then where should I go!?”

The people who had run away all the way saw this and stood still with despairing expressions on their faces.

A helping hand was brought to these people from the sky. That's too many to count.

“Ohhhhh! ”

“Uh, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?”

Knochen, a collection of flying bones, came to rescue the screaming people.

“Noaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

“Help me!”

“It’s no good anymore!”

Knochen rescues people one after another, but unlike Sam and the Quattro, he does not have a high level of livability. Even if you rank up and become Born Destopia Dragons, bones are still bones.

Therefore, while protecting the rescued people, they quickly transported them to the evacuation center that Vandalieu had created. Sometimes they are attacked by adventurers and guards who mistake them for monsters...or rather, they realize that they are a higher class of monsters designated for subjugation, but they don't care.

Confirming this, the monster let out a flat roar... The demon king stopped acting as a shield to prevent people from being hit by stray bullets, and began a full-scale battle.

``Then let's go kill the monsters beyond the gate. Excuse me first, it's me.''

``I should go. I'll be there soon too.''

Then, the demon king who defeated the monster disappeared behind the gate in order.

A fierce battle was taking place all over Orbaume, but it was also at Vandalieu's feet... within the grounds of the King's Castle.

“Your Majesty, please stand back!”

The ``Orbaum Six Squares'', knights, and court magicians responded to the sudden appearance of the gate without being alert.

「ＧＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＮ！」

They responded, but what came out of the gate was a monster that exceeded their expectations.

“Adamant Hedgehog!? Eliminate it before it shoots its stingers!”

The members of the ``Orbaum Six Squares'' broke into a cold sweat when they saw the hedgehog monster that was bigger than the horse-drawn carriage with countless needles on its back that appeared from the gate.

If the Adaman Hedgehog fires out more than 10,000 needles all at once, an average knight would be turned into a beehive along with his armor, unable to function as a meat shield.

However, Adaman Hedgehog's rank is 9. With the ``Orbaum Six Squares'', which has more ability than the average A-class adventurer, there is no way you can lose.

“Grrrrrrrrr!”

“Gaaaaaaaaaaa!”

“Oooooooooooooooooooooooooong! ”

However, it would be extremely difficult to fight other monsters while protecting the Selection King and other non-combatants.

"Damn! Don't hold back! Give it your all! [Descends the angel]!"

“[Transcend limits]! [Magic sword transcend limits]! Woooooooooo!”

Candidates for heroes, such as knights newly blessed with the blessings of the ``Orbaum Six Squares'' and the ``god of heat haze'' Rubicante, lower their familiars onto their bodies, use skills such as ``Transcend Limits'' to temporarily increase their ability values and the performance of their magic swords, and confront the monsters.

The Adaman Hedgehog was crushed in the head by an axe and at the same time was pierced through the heart by a spear, and was unable to eject its needle and was killed instantly.

The Lava Giant, covered in lava, was frozen in ice by the court magicians' desperate water magic.

The Mithril Golem was successfully held down by Rubicante's hero candidate, and it looks like they will be able to defeat it soon.

The other dozen or so monsters will probably be defeated immediately or within a few seconds.

"The second Adaman hedgehog has appeared!"

However, the next monster appeared at a faster pace than the other gates from the gate that Rokudou had placed at the point where Vandalieu would be most distracted.

What's more, the newly appeared Adaman Hedgehog was already excited by the smell of monster blood that filled its surroundings.

I can't move my hands and can't make it in time to eject the needle. The ``Orbaum Six Squares'' tried to make a necessary but ruthless decision to at least protect the elector, military minister, and prime minister.

“Tsk, I can’t watch! ”

“S-Prime Minister!?”

At that moment, Prime Minister Terkatanis jumped out.

Approaching the Adaman hedgehog, which was on the verge of releasing its stinger with such forceful treading that it left footprints deep on the ground. He unsheathed his black sword and unleashed a martial technique with a tremendous killing intent.

「ＧＵＭＯ！！」

“Ha! [Billion killing moon flash]! ”

Before the Adaman Hedgehog's needles released became a rain of death and fell on the Prime Minister and the ``Orbaum Six Squares'' behind him, as well as the civil servants and ladies who were not protected by them, the Prime Minister's arm flashed like countless whips, and the storm of black swords that was released by it knocked them all down.

"【decapitation】! ”

Immediately after the countless sounds of blades and needles colliding, the sound of bone and flesh being severed. In the eyes of the Corbitt electors, they could not even see the line of the Prime Minister's sword.

"Y-you aren't Urgen Telkatanis!? Who are you!?"

What I understand is that the Prime Minister, whose arm is strangely stretched out and twisted, and whose entire body is bathed in the Adamantian hedgehog's blood, is a fake.

"Cook, that's right."

Isla, who had disguised herself as the prime minister through [transformation], revealed her true form in front of the electors.

“Kyu, vampire!? Why are you here!?”

“What happened to the real Prime Minister!?”

``The real prime minister has been captured. I'll hand you over later, so you can do whatever you want with it, whether it's interrogation or torture.''

While answering, Isla made a thumping sound as she put her joints back together.

"W-what!? What on earth do you mean... no, more importantly, arrest this insolent person..."

“Foreign Minister Jetobo! That’s not the time now!”

Foreign Minister Jetorbo, who was about to order the knights to capture Aira, was suddenly brought back to his senses by the words of Minister Dormad.

Even now, monsters are still coming out of the gate. There is no way they can afford to capture Isla.

"...It is an offense that cannot be overlooked to pretend to be a nobleman and disguise your true identity as a prime minister, but in the name of the elector, I will not question you. Vampire-lord, is it okay for your purpose to protect us? In that case, I would like to ask you to continue."

And King Corbitt also decided that it was no time to fight with Isla.

``As expected of His Majesty the Elector, he is wise. Soon, someone from Lord Vandalieu's side will come to rescue His Majesty and the others. Non-combatants and those who do not have the ability to fight monsters should evacuate on board. However, we will ask those who are capable to comply with our demands.''

"A request!? We will only obey the orders of His Majesty the King-elect! Or the orders of an honorary earl, or even his children!"

``Vandalu-sama's request is to subdue the monsters that overflow in Orbaume, and to rescue and assist the people in evacuation. What shall we do, Your Majesty? ”

Even though one of the members of the Orbaum Six Squares got excited, Isla didn't even look at him, instead turning her attention to King Corbitt.

Military Minister Dormad and Foreign Minister Jetabo were unable to advise King Corbitt on what to do in response to Isla's question. In particular, Military Minister Dormad was at a loss for judgment, as he had realized that Isla's ability was comparable to... or even surpassed, that of the Orbaum Six Squares.

One could suspect that the request Aira made was an attempt to secure the custody of King Corbitt, and above all of them, the nobles, under the pretext of ``evacuation,'' and to separate them from the forces of the ``Orbaum Six Squares.''

However, the current situation is far from safe. If a monster appears that exceeds the power of the Orbaum Six Squares and the others to deal with, Dark Avalon, Vandalieu, and the Five-Colored Blade will move the stage of the battle from overhead to the ground, and that will be the end for them.

Moreover, the prime minister, who would normally give his opinion to Corbitt at a time like this, is missing.

"...That's fine. At least, I have no idea where there is a safe place in Orbaum right now. After we evacuate, the 'Orbaum Six Squares' should fight for the people."

In the meantime, Corbitt made a decision. He himself doesn't know whether he has given up on thinking or whether he has decided that it is no time to worry.

It seems that he couldn't see it because of the surrounding high-rise buildings, including the castle, but if he had seen Knochen and the Quattro floating in the sky, he might have guessed that it was a safe place and answered more clearly, "Okay!"

"However, I let it get to this point. If you don't handle this matter well, your master will be blamed later."

『Kukuku, unless this matter is resolved, His Majesty, who will lose the capital, is not worried. Moreover, you will soon realize Vandalieu-sama's true power.''

“Well, is there anything else?!”

Immediately after Chosen King Corbitt's startled voice rang out, Sam appeared from subspace and rescued them as if abducting them.

――――――――――――――――――

Name: Gina

Rank: 13

Race: No Life High Priestess Legend

Level: 78

Two names: [Saint of Healing] [Saint of Muscles]

・Passive skills

dark vision

Mental pollution: 6Lv

Strength: 4Lv (UP!)

Physical resistance: 9Lv

Magic power increase: 3Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Faith: 1Lv (Ability value enhancement: Awakening from faith!)

Increased defense power when equipped with a shield: Maximum (UP!)

Poison resistance: 5Lv

Cold resistance: 5Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 6Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Transformation: 3Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Non-attribute magic: 8Lv (UP!)

Life King Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 10Lv (UP!)

Spear ax technique: 10Lv

Holy Shield Technique: 6Lv (UP!)

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (Awakening from limit breakthrough!)

Magic Shield Limit Transcendence: 3Lv (UP!)

Angel Advent: 6Lv (UP!)

Remote control: 10Lv (UP!)

Spiritual body: 9Lv (UP!)

Chant discarded: 4Lv

Cooperation: 7Lv (UP!)

Martial arts: 6Lv (UP!)

Singing: 3Lv (UP!)

Butoh: 3Lv (UP!)

High-speed flight: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Increased healing effect: 10Lv (UP!)

Vandalieu's protection

Vida's protection

Protection of Talos

Name: Xandia

Rank: 13

Race: No Life Wizard Princess

Level: 89

Two names: [Little genius] [Magical girl under the moon]

・Passive skills

dark vision

Superhuman strength: 3Lv (UP!)

Magic resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Magic power increase: 4Lv (UP!)

Magic recovery speed increase: 10Lv

Magic automatic recovery: 7Lv (UP!)

Increased magic attack power when equipped with a staff: Maximum (UP!)

Cold resistance: 3Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Transformation: 6Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 6Lv (UP!)

・Active skills

Non-attribute magic: 10Lv

Life Princess Magic: 1Lv (awakened from life attribute magic!)

Light princess magic: 1Lv (awakened from light attribute magic!)

Fire Princess Magic: 1Lv (awakened from fire attribute magic!)

Water princess magic: 1Lv (awakened from water attribute magic!)

Earth princess magic: 1Lv (awakened from earth attribute magic!)

Wind princess magic: 1Lv (awakened from wind attribute magic!)

Sky Princess Magic: 1Lv (Awakened from space attribute magic!)

Time Princess Magic: 1Lv (awakened from time attribute magic!)

Magic precision control: 5Lv (UP!)

Demolition: 3Lv (UP!)

Chant discarded: 9Lv (UP!)

Aura of fear: 4Lv

Staff technique: 4Lv (UP!)

Singing: 5Lv (UP!)

Butoh: 4Lv

Familiar Demon: 3Lv (UP!)

・Unique skills

genius of magic

Reclent's protection

Vandalieu's protection

Zurvan's protection

Diana's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

It came to the last minute (sweat)

As for posting the next episode, I've postponed my schedule by a day and will be posting it on December 25th, and then taking a break from posting the next post on January 9th. Sorry.