Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 361: The chosen kingdom capital occupied by immortals, demons, and strange beings

The room was prepared as a meeting venue, and there was a skeleton instead. We prepare tea and drinks for him and prepare paper and writing tools for taking notes.

The cockroach of the skeleton brewed tea scents to calm the spirit.

"First of all, this incident is the end of the ... as already explained. Terkatanis devoted his soul to Dark Abalone, a wicked God who emerged from a different world, and devised [the deficiency of the King of the Devil], and the gudalanis revived. It was defeated by Vanderlus Ark Hillwilow Solda Zakart, the emperor of Vidal Magic.

Is it okay?

In the past, JE TURBO is taking on the progress of the meeting that Terkatanis would have bought. By the way, Terkatanis was found to be disappointed in the safe room of the Oto Castle and was restrained. This time, it should be prisoned by the castle prison. ...... It is not the royal castle where the original type is kept but it is collapsed.

“There is an objection!”

"Yes! I can't understand it!"

“The next reward is to pay to the Emperor Vanderou, but we will give you everything you want. Is there any objection?

Finally, the future政策lomatic policy against the Vidal Magic Empire of Japan”

“Je-Turbo Foreign Affairs Lord! Is your ears stuffed with something or sleep while you open your eyes? We say there is an objection!”

“Yes! I’m ignored from the other day, so it’s worthless!”

Some of the nobles and temple officials who eat to Jeturbo Foreign Service Lord who tried to advance the story with Sarasara. The King Kobitt believed that there is a chief priest of Vida in the same person as him, is something .

“Is there really an objection to the Alberge, the Lord of the Alda, the Lord of Bamon’s Finance, the Count of Montvale, and the Lord of the Alda? Can you make it?”

That’s why you’re saying that!

JE-TURBO Foreign Secretary urged the word of the Bamon financial Lord to say, “Please.”

“I can say, but I believe that it is true that the Count of Zakart and his son told me!? And I will follow the requests of the 、s!?”

“The magical thing was overflowing in the city and the magical king revived! Let’s believe that he defeated it! Vandalu Zakart is a wonder, and give it to the lords and rewards as much as the mountain! He meditations his eyes on numerous unlawful acts that have committed to resolving the incident! But he can be convinced, such as the emperor to cure the empire behind the borders.”

“What’s more! How can we redevelop and maintain dungeons as rewards? What’s more, we’re going to drop the reputation of “five-colored blades” that are the main character of our country while regulating the time and degree...

They are going to break the country!

Three people who express their opinions like firewood in order, as they were prompted to say.

As they said, the Cobite kings were claimed as a reward for the existence of the Vidal Magic Empire from Vandalou and that he is the manager of it, and the report of this incident.

According to it, the Vidal Magic Empire puts the capital in Talosム, which was destroyed about two hundred years ago, and all the inside of the boundary mountain ranges......that is not only dom。 the third of the Baangaia continent, but also dom。 the magical continent and the magical continent. ly, it seems that it is only part of the continent of the magical continent and the magical continent, and it is only the basement space of the continent, but it is still curing the vast territory.

It was hard to believe that the kingdom of Orbaum, the kingdom of Orbaum, and the kingdom of the Amid, the enemy country, and the kingdom of Kobit, who was recognized as the kingdom of humanity.

And the redevelopment project of the poor town that Vandalou demanded is that it is not easy to get out even if it is a savior of the country of salvation.

The redevelopment business of the city is complicated, and if it fails, it is a work that involves significant responsibility because it is involved in the future of Orbaum. Even if you’re a savior, you don’t have a track record... I don’t want to leave it to someone who doesn’t know how much experience or knowledge.

In addition, it was required to work to reduce the reputation of "five-colored blade".

Vanderouts are trying to make sure that if they are proactively blamed, they will create a sense of rebellion, such as the king of Cobitt, the aristocrat of Orbaum, and the temple officials.

However, it is not enough for the requested person. In particular, the shock received by the temple officials, such as the head of Alber, is not known.

Heinz, the leader of the "five-colored blade", is the fact that Orbaum, who is the God of Alda's power, and other members of Alda's power. In addition, some adventurers have witnessed that Heinz descends Bellwood.

It is important to drop the reputation of the "five-colored blade" and to reduce the reputation of the Alda fusion family.

The members of the "five-colored blades" are honorary aristocratic, so they will paint mud on their faces of the Cobite King who gave them the honorary aristocratic as they are.

That’s why the “five-colored blade” is not a problematic behavior or crime.

If you are pregnant, it is equal to the country iliation that you may follow such a request. That’s why Barmon’s financial directors aren’t just考えing them.

“It’s a savior, so it’s a bad example! The words of “the goddess of life and love” Vida sounded in this Orbaum, and no one who missed me and I! But Vida doesn’t say, “Let’s give everything to Vanderou and follow his words!”

Before you leave your business, you should first send him a noble and emb  by the name of the king and then send him a knowledge and a proven person, then discuss each direction and business content!

Barmon’s financial redevelopment of the poor city at the opportunity was a favor. It is a good opportunity to play the entire city. However, I can't expect to succeed with Vandaloo.

......Of course, there is a reason for discriminating Vida’s new tribes and the sigh of honorary aristocratic who belongs to other Duchess, such as hearing important business with our central aristocratic tribes, and confusing interest.

“Je-Turbo Foreign Secretary! Isn’t it better to see if the Vidal Magic Empire exists? I think it’s waste of time, but I need to collect information from the Duchess of Alcrem who is deeply connected with him and the recently repeated contacts, and ask for cooperation with the Duchess of Hartner who has been traded with Talthム two hundred years ago.”

The Count of Montvale, who has been serving as an outside director of Jerturbo, has completely suspected the existence of the Vidal Magic Empire, but complained to collect information. Then you may find authentic information or evidence. I did not dare to give up the information or evidence that the trueness of both the certainty increases.

“D評判ing reputation is a linguistic way to make us dirty without discarding your own hands! Even now, there are daemons, undeads, and unidentified witches in the town.

I'll claim that you should be hitting from Orbaum as soon as possible!

However, it seems that the chief of the Alberge had almost撃ed the Vanderlus. However, in the temple that believes the gods, such as Alda, it is often taught as the presence of undeaded. It’s true that many people of Orbaum resist undead and daemon.

It is not a matter of feelings only by the chief priest.

“...Is there more than one opinion of the financial Lords, how do you do it?”

“I don’t value to consider.” Let's go ahead with the meeting

Yes. “We will continue to make a meeting.”

"I'm going to see you!"

But they were irritated by the people who were tuned to them, but the other people were able to see them. There are people who want to see mercy in the middle, and those who just want to blue their face.

The Count Montvale sprinkled fist on the round table.

“How much does it mean that even the savior is too considerable? I should say my績, but I shouldn’t ignore the law and customs!

You will have to consider what was called from the Great God even if you were saved or Vida. However, you should be able to do so if you use illegal acts, escort acts, and healing with Taymarルドld!

The heart of the kobit royal moved to see the Count of Montvale's theory. I have to leave him in this way. If they do not teach reality, they are responsible for themselves.

(I can’t understand the world if I have no common sense until this morning.)

“I don’t know what you want to say.” However, my country is not. It’s simple that we will reward you as you say, according to all the requirements of the Emperor Vendoru.

It is not a respect for those who have been praised by the Great God unless they were saved in the life and the country, and in addition, it is not to honor the secretion of the King of the Magic. ......Of course, there is no reason for them, but it is a small reason if you find the biggest reason.”

In the words of the king of Cobite, the Bamon finances faced aげ. If he says, do you want to follow it?

"So, do you follow the request?" It is because only the Maje、 of the Emperor Vandalu and his fellows and deceasers who are in Orbaum are lightly exceeding the total power of the Kingdom of Orbaum.

It was a simple reason. Since Vandaloo is overwhelmingly strong, it is only necessary to follow the request.

“Well, it’s not so bad! Do you really say it?

Even if explained so, the Count Montvale couldn’t understand it, but it wasn’t going to be談 by the Cobite King and the Vice President of Jetbo.

“Is it unbelievable? Let’s check the opinions of experts.” Fasalic Dolmad Army Sir, explain

The Dolmad military officer, who had a blue face and 震。ed in small pieces, did not stop 震ing even if he was nominated.

“My Majeの, I’m trying to resign the military service.”

“I want to 。 the king of the election, and tolerate the family of the Duchess to his son. It is absolutely forgiving you just. In addition, there is a request from the Emperor Vandalu, "It's a lot of troublesome, so if you want to resign, wait until the minimum town reconstructed."

Dolmad’s military service, who rejected his resignation, began to breathe deeply as he thought, and explained to the Count Montvale.

“First of all, I want to remember calmly... The Emperor Vandalu fights and wins almost one-on-one with the revival of the King Gudulanis. Vida’s new breeds, undeads and daemons claiming to be obedience have been added to combat, but Gudulanis also used me as a fighting force.

After all, it was said that it was mainly the emperor of Vandalou, and it was reported by Randolph.

Aristocratic eyes gather in the chairs on the wall of the meeting room. His report with Vandaloos was worth trust for them.

“However, the Randolph and the “five-colored blades” have joined the fight!”

There were some of theseするs in the middle.

"I and the "five-colored blades" were the main battles of Gudulanis. In addition, I was str ling with me. If you do not receive the support of Vandalou and his fellows, it will be dangerous.

“The five-colored blades were not able to work with Vanderou, and eventually I fell five gudulanis ...... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Randolph himself beats the rebellion. However, when Vandalou attempted to kill all six-way Saints Heinz, he recalled “I couldn’t collaborate” and “I just thought of it.”

Vandalou and "five-colored blades" are not open to the public. Therefore, there was no denying that there is no way to be convinced that there is no way to help the fact that there is no way to report because the principle claims of both people are主張.

“I understand that Vandaloo Zakart has a non-standard force of war. “How do you deceive the law?”

Not standard It is not comparable to Gudulanis' army, which is spoken in myth. We understand that even if our country and the Amid empire mira ously tied the military alliance, we will only be able to choose any way to lose, even if we squeezed the full force."

"What!? It's not so much!?"

But he was surprised by the word of the Dolmad Army, but the Dolmad Army was surprised by his attitude to the Lord of the Bamon. Even if military is not specialized, it is impossible to understand it.

"Firstly, if you explain the strength of the Emperor's Maje。, it is more horrible than turning the true Randolph to the enemy. I will tell you about it.

And there are many powerful obediences. You may have forgotten, but this building that we have now is one of those obediences. It's a group of bones flying in the sky."

?」

』

The Count of Montvale and the deity of Alberta, who pointed out that they were dev  from consciousness, were small. Then, whether you were interested in the topic of yourself, Kunohchen shortened the voice. ......It is a part of the chair where the Counts sit, and the round table surrounding it.

“I’m not kunochen but skeleton”

And the bones were mixed here.

“Wow! But we have the best of Rokukatajin, Randolph, and others!”

“I’m afraid of my expectation, but I can’t do it.”

“What’s it?”

In the words of Randolph, the eyes of the Bamon financial Lord seemed to fall down.

What is it?

“What’s all about it?” I am now a teacher hired by Meorilis. Why don’t you collide with your students?

Randolph, who had previously received the request of Bamon Finance Sir, Dolmad Army Sir, and Dolmads, for the reason that he was a ancestor of his ancestors, was not known to refuse this time.

“Oh, but if you’re done with that request?”

"Bad, but the following request is already included. I'm planning to play musical instruments on stage."

The schedule of Randolph was already held by Kanako.

“I’m sorry! Is that possible?”

“What should I do if I’m not allowed to do? Is it possible to deprive my qualifications from the adventurer ルドld? Or is it fine? Is it possible to punish me on other adventurers and proud ‘Orbaum Rouges’ and ‘Five Blades’?”

Bamon’s financial legend was stunned. For Randolph who has stopped re ing the adventurer, the qualification deprivation from the adventurer ルドld is no penalty. Even if fines are fined, the arm as an S-class adventurer is not腕, so it will be earned immediately. And even if you hire an adventurous with sharp edges and more than the same grade as the sashimi, the "five-colored blades" are missing from Orbaum.

When I looked at the people of Orbaum Rokukatajin, they were silent and lying the neck.

“What do you really do?”

The method of keeping a superman with strong power in the order is not passed to the current Randolph. And he understands that Vandalou is the same, and he lost his shoulders.

"Bamom financial Lord, there should be still a way!"

“Yes! You shouldn’t support people who操e dirty undeads and daemons!”

The Count of Montvale and the Temple of Albert. But they have not yet understood.

It is a trivial problem for us, whether or not the people support. Even if many people do not support the emperor and the emperor, the emperor will execute the business. In that case, the Old Town is iso。 by a sturdy bone wall, and Orbaum can be physically two minutes.

......But it is believed that the people do not support the Emperor Vanderou."

“Oh, but they’re undead and daemon...”

“Are the Undeads and Demons present? His Maje  of the Emperor lived in the city of Undeads and Vidas as a deceased, and worked together to open a台ll. And in this case, many people helped. The king and the poor, even the officials of the Alda Palace, should not be separated.

The Lord of the Elects and we were surprised to have become the Dawn of Terkatanis."

“It’s like the Dolmad Army Sir. And there is the Dalcia Temple under the Emperor Vanderou. It is a rare   that can drop the Vida itself. Vida believers who do not support her son will not be able to do so, including those who are close to Alda fusion. It seems to be one person here.

The Lord of the Dolmad army said that the Lord of the Cobite continued to say that the Lord of the Dolmad, the chief of the Lord of the Alberge, 震。ed in a small 震。, and dropped his eyes.

"How do we do?" Dark Avalon, the wicked God of the mystery that the main crime of this incident appeared from the world. We sold the country down to the running gu. And we are full of effort to protect our people. Even so, it is the beginning of the evacuation center prepared by the Emperor.

We lost the trust of people. “It’s time to think about which people rely on.”

There are many people who are evacuated yet. However, even though it seems to be mis ing, the personality of Mr. Terkatanis is suppressed by kunochen. If you announce it from yourself, or if Vandaloo is exposed, then the former will still be mashi.

Although it seems to be the only predecessor to be involved, considering that the scandal that remains in history will be held during his term, I felt that the kobit electro would hurt the stomach.

"And it is a magical empire that exists across the boundary, the magical continent, and the continent of the Magnolia... Even if it is false, we can't do it at this stage. Even if it is true, nothing can be done.

“True” is broken down to Randolph, and the “five-colored blade” is killed by Edgar, and the rest is unknown. The young singer Hendriksen of the Holy。ar said to have deepened his interaction with the Heart Warrior, composed of the best friend and disciple of the Emperor Vandalu. It is impossible to compete with the Knights and the Rokukatajin.

For the Vidal Magic Empire, it does not change that the Kingdom of Orbaum can not fight anything, regardless of the truth. If it is true, it will end up as a country if it is not a friend.

Of course, the kingdom of Orbaum will be broken in this decision. It should be kneaded in the Duchess of Fゾン who has supported the "five-colored blade" and the strong Duke of Alda faith.

However, there is a need to follow the words of Vandaloo in the King of Cobit. It is because he is overwhelmingly strong.

“Let’s continue meeting”

When the Cobite King urged him, no one else said.

In this case, the sacrifice was minimized due to the success of Vanderlus. However, because the sixth road appeared the entrance of the dungeon in the city, it was not possible to completely suppress the dead without the hands at first.

"Everyone has died."

“Oh, I don’t want to die all!”

“I thought I’m living for someone.”

Three山d。 were talking about the山ble mountain. He was a fellow of the poor and chimpira, and he was together to work hard and forced to work.

“Oh, you said that you started the台ll now! You didn’t have to live right now!”

“I’ve been an adventurer, and you’re saying something like a guな.”

“Oh, you didn’t confess with your favorite woman and have a place... but...”

Three people squeezed their heads with a twisted corner.

"I want to change to dead daemon! "

The dead was his own, and they were transformed into a daemon by Vandaloo who became the daemon ruler.

What do you do with magic? She has a corner and wings, and the eyes are red until the white eyes.

“Well, it’s not a goat, but it’s a goat? The屋ll of the屋 is completely crucial. Customer Service

“If you’re in Orbaum, why don’t you run in the city of the Duchess of Alcrem? If you’re there, it’s okay to get there.”

“Is it true? It’s good! . . . . . . . . . How do you plan to re-start as my adventurer? .”

“The adventurer is tough in the current 制度ld system, but what do you do for the explorer in my country? Or do you rely on someone to play a tamer role and act as a follower?”

。 If you're a beautician, it's too..."

“By the way, we confirmed that your compassionate woman is evacuated safely. How about meeting soon?

"Yes, thank you, my brother of Vanderou"

There were three daemons and the man who made it, but the street was so good, and the Vanderoo said, “Ie.”

"But today, please focus on work. After the restoration of the castle wall, I would like to thank you for the removal of城bles and the collection of safe household goods.

"Yes! Vanderou's Brother!"

The daemons were more in質 when they were fighting Gudulanis, but when they were reborn, they recalled their own personality and memory, and they changed their speech.

“By the way, the name of redevelopment is changed. !? Let’s name Vandalou!? Build a bronze statue of your brother in the middle!

"Oh, it is a sense. Please use your first name instead of name. What is Zakart Street? Building a high building on the left and right side of the street, the first floor is a rental store, and the second floor is a condominium.

"What do you say? First of all, I decided to build a temple that dedicates brothers! "

“...I need a tourist spot, but my temple is another one.”

However, I didn’t change the process of enthusiastically supporting Vandaloo. It’s not just true, but it’s a bit of awkward because it’s going to dedicate Vandalou.

“Indeed, we will set up a dungeon entrance created by six roads in the poor town, and we will set up a 部ld branch, demolition facility, samurai stores, restaurants, accommodations, and entertainment district around us.”

“I see, it’s a city where the adventurer who gathers the dungeon eye and the merchant who gathers the adventurous eye. "The true manager of the joy"

“Do you make a square where the台lls gather around the dungeon? That’s why you’re the King of Yatai! You’ll want to aim for the King of Yatai in this Orbaum!”

“If you are a brother, but you are attracting adventurers, the temple is not necessary for the gen.”

It is a na , because I try to make a gap.

』

At that time, Sam appeared from the sky.

"The job change of the applicant has ended in cooperation with Bo-chan and Quattro! What do you do?"

Sam and Quattro, equipped with a job change room, released the room to adventurers and knights who were str ling. Because the building of the ルドld was almost collapsed, there were many people who couldn’t change jobs because the level was 100.

“Sam, Thank you!”

"Oh, my brother~"

Fortunately, Vandaloo goes up to Sam's cargo. It is possible to leave from the topic of copper statues, temples, and 名のing names.

"I'm talking about it, but I don't have to build a stage?"

"The indoor stage is enough because there are three evacuation centers and consumables. However, if Sam says, let’s talk with Kanako and the financial director of this country.”

In the information from the demons in Kunohchen, the mind is broken, so I will hear the story.

Then I entered the job change room and finished the crystal ball.

......

Then, I saw the eyes, and I took my hands off from the crystal.

“I want to know what I’m doing now... I’m afraid of you? Or maybe you’ve dreamed of sleeping in a moment too much of an overwork... I think it’s a side effect that absorbed the soul of Gudulanis...”

While saying in the mouth, Vandalou understood what happened. but I didn’t want to neglect it.

“I’m better to check both of them.”

There is no way to deny reality. It is necessary to check what is happening in order to recognize the facts, because it is not possible to prolong the job change.

!」

Vandaloo, who decided to come up with a call, re-built the crystal ball. Job changeable jobs are displayed in the brain.

[S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)] [S)]

Vandaloo is a job that can be changed.

“I’m a job?”

There was no one who answered the question of Vandaloo because the job change room was soundproof.

Next story will be posted on February 24th.