Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 331: The lying emperor and the crawling emperor

Previous story

・Emperor Marshkuzar abducted to Schneダー

・Explore and Tarosム children (?) interacting in the world of Vandaloo. Completed new general-purpose wear.

There are urgent requirements. Vandalu, which is called from Schneダー, has been pushed to a hidden village that conceals the new breeds and believers of Vida.

"I have been abducted so I can leave it. Thank you for your understanding.

In front of the schne、, it was saggy to the blindfold, and it was rolled from the shoulder to the nail tip with the rope, and the half elf was rolled.

And there is a figure of Zorkodrio and Merdin in Dolton, which flies laughter around the Schne、, and the reshana with a lower head.

“It seems that you have decided to take care of it, but who is it? I think that it is a big thing in a bad way that you can do this.”

Schneダー is generally known as a noisy, unmatched woman, but not bended, unreliable love. And there are no damages that occurred in the restaurant, etc., caused by the swelling (from the other party), and there is no such thing as making it impossible for a woman.

And Vandaloo actually knows his personality, so he knows that he does not do this without any sense. So I understand that there is a meaning to do this.

“Who do you think?”

“Yes, right? Is it the parent of the former emperor?”

Marshkuzar's relatives left from the emperor... If you are a son, there is a reason to be wrapped in the Schne .

"Sure! The right answer is the person of marshkuzar"

What is your identity? It was unexpected ... I was good to contact in advance?

Vandaloo didn’t think he was rolling.

“I’m, sometimes I’m going to be able to do my best? That’s the situation.”

In the words of Schneダー, Vandaloo was convinced to be “I see.” The Schneダー who情報をd the information of the facilities that the marshkuzar is supervised or 。ile was forced to move the marshkuzar with it or abduct before the beginning.

Marshkuzar is a common enemy of Vandaloo and Schneダー. However, by abducting him without killing him on the spot, he can shake the unstable Amid empire just replaced by the new emperor.

Even if you leave the emperor, it is not full. It should be a religious cooter led by the New Pope Ariake of the Alda Temple.

There are still nobles and merchants who care for Marshkuzar, and there are many people who think that Marshkuzar has succeeded in evading and has accumulated power to return to the emperor again.

And those who follow the emperor need to interrupt their hands to suppress the rebel派s that should be called the marshkuzal.

I aimed at it.

“No, it’s a lie.”

。 It is true until I was looking for the trend of the "Joney Sword"

"After that, I found a facility that protects against the swords of the wicked swords, and then it was a residence that was con、d by the swords."

"We are sorry."

But Dolton, Lisaana, and Merdin and Zolkodrio revealed that it was a purchase of Vanderou.

"...I want to say, "If you don't have to worry about yourself, return to the place you picked up."

Is it possible to kill the dead in this place and process it to life dead?

“I don’t have any problem, but do you?”

。 Let’s enjoy it for a while. You might have something you need. We will create a facility for prohibition, so please take care of it for a while.

“Vandalu Hall, if possible”

"I know, master." “Jeek is supervised in a place that is absolutely impossible to meet”

That said, Vandalou left the marshkuzar and returned. He was aware of Marshkuzar and understood that he was listening to his stories. However, I didn’t feel that I had to take into account the hearts of Marshkuzar.

Vandalu has never been directly relative to Marshkuzar, but he is the one who has cured the Amid empire and its homeland under the law where the mother Darcia was burned. In addition, he commanded the山脈edition of the boundary to the Milg shield country, and then dispatched four of the five serpenters, the serpenter, the serpenter, the serpenter, the serpenter, and the serpenter.

... Of course, “King” is active in the farms of Talosム and potato farms of Talosム.

That’s not the same thing as the mashkuzar. Vandalou remembers that he needs to kill as much as Heinz, because he is secluded to Schne .

Marshkuzar with no power is not an enemy for those who already feel that he is important for Vandaloo. If you are busy, you will be able to move yourself and Schne s at any time.

That’s why I thought it should be born while it’s worth using it.

"What do you think about us?"

In the Schne  who asked him to remove the gagged and blindfold, the marshkuzar shed.

“Is it possible to say that I met in a blindfolded gagged state?”

"I can say it. That’s it. I did not tell you a bad thing.

The schne  says that it is out of the mind to the marshkuzar while rolling on the floor. On the other hand, Marshkuzar was convinced by the end.

However, at that time, even if the marshkuzar is silent, it was a result of the irritation of Vandalu. That’s because I feel like it.

"So, I would like to do the grass around here."

The staff of the院 instructed the boys of the adventure. He is not a院 who receives treatment for injuries or ordinary lesions.

You can see the hallucinations, lose memory, or name another name for another person. [Psychoconta。] A facility for 。ting sick people who have been able to interfere with everyday life.

...... At the top of the name, it is possible to treat it. The staff and his/her boss will answer any questions that may be asked by the gods and doctors who should actually dia se patients and treat them every day.

However, there are few cases that the patient once hospitalized at this院 has been cured and discharged.

Most people do not expect to complete the hospital. The only thing they expect is that they work as a prison that  s the crazy family and relatives.

In fact, the doctor asked the staff of the rumor that the person who is inconvenient is 噂ped as a sick person and receives a huge 賂be.

I don't care about that rumor, but I think that it is a dark facility behind that rumor is not as good as it flows. The relief of the gods decorated in the hall will be crying. No, because God’s will do not stay in the statue of God who cannot pray to anyone, God may not recognize this facility and the existence of himself. I don't know the man of the staff who is really like it because it is a se , and it is not so interesting.

Yes

The man of the staff continues to explain his work to the adventurer.

"The grass that I pulled out is covered in the mountain. Because it burns when it is withered. This is because it's out of the tree, it sometimes comes out of the wild dog, but it's okay if you don't get closer to me."

In public facilities, affordable merchants and aristocratic families, they may place an order for the adventurer ルドlds for grassy and fallen leaves. Of course, it is not because it can be done quickly to adventurers with excellent physical abilities. It is a charitable business for children and adventurers who lost their hands.

However, because it is a philanthropy business, it is not expensive, and it takes time to reach the request, and the contents are also delicious. The request is not very popular, and only one boy who received the request this time. ......I had no obedience, but I was not allowed to take care of the effects of patients.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. Sure, there may be something because it is a dumpire and an honorary aristocratic child.

Yeah. I was told that I could not contact the patient with the name. However, it’s troublesome. I can't remember my name

The vocational consciousness of the man of the staff was low to crawl the ground. Do you have to find the adventurer hired for miscellaneous work? Is it possible for me to finish my work?

“I can ignore it even if I talk to the patient from the building.”

The man said, the boy of the adventurer ... without having to look at the Vanderou, he was suitable for his work. So I thought this boy would ignore even if the patient talks.

It was a big mistake.

"Yes, I know"

The man of the staff was talking to the patient from the boy, but he didn’t say anything.

There is a problem that you can actually receive a request from an adventurer ルドld.

Of course, even if you are a preliminary school student and have the power to be comparable to D-class adventurers, you can't get a request for defeating monsters and bandits.

I love escort requests from the city of Orbaum.

Therefore, there are many students who choose a request for normal grasslands, 草cinal herbs collections in forests and ordinary beasts that are not magical.

I thought that Vandalou would do so, but when he entered the adventurer ルドld, he already received all other students and adventurers.

So, Vandaloo was a job of "the backyard of the院" which was built on the board to put the request.

"So, elly, I've entered from the window if this person is. Bend over the grid. I was surprised again.

"Hey, I'll bend the iron grates."

“...I see the back and lattice do not bend?”

Amelia smiles ha、ly making a necklace with a crown of red flowers that someone has woven.

Elizabeth and Maheria aimed at the iron lattice in the window where the mothers adorned with flowers pointed. In the recognition of Amelia, he protects her from in。ders, and in fact, all the windows of the veterinary room are iron-lated to prevent the patient from leaving the veterinary room.

It was rusted on the surface, but it continued to 。 the ameria. There is no song.

"It's right, if I say, "If I do such a thing, the people of the user will be troubled," I've bended again and returned straight.

It will be interesting, Ufufufu"

“Oh, it’s right.” It’s really interesting, but it’s not an unsuccessful method.

“Yes, I say Elizabeth. That’s right?

Erizabeth and Maheria look at Amelia, who laughs gently and his eyes. In front of them, there are four cups filled with tea.

It is usually only three of them. However, there was a person who stretched his hand to the fourth cup.

"If you see it, it was a作 to enter the room from the window. I'll be careful now.

So Vandalou said, he put his mouth on the cup. I think that I use a good tea leaves.

I remembered why I was called “you” in Amelia, and I was in圧力 pressure on Elizabeth and Maheria.

Vandalou had to shake both hands that stretched the 鉤 claw and cut weed like a lawn mo . Then, I will carry the grass that I harvested quickly to the designated place.

On the way, I realized the appearance of a woman looking outside from the window.

She had a small window on the second floor, and it was hard to see her figure, but she understood that she was a patient.

The eyes were too lonely.

Then Vandaloo went up to the wall of the院 when he rushed to see the work of grass. If you are pregnant, you will be surprised by the patient in the院, so I was told not to use magic. ...... It is interpreted as if you do not use magic.

What if you did?

!

A woman who looked outside from the window was surprised to hear Vandalou. And screaming.

“You are so dangerous! How do you fall and injure?”

"Yes."

Vandalu, who thought it would be true if he said, had to enter her room as she says.

Gorgeous iron lattice is made to goム by skill and bend it, remove the shoulders and hip joints from the window opened and enter it like a snake.

Then, I re-entered the cockpit and joints on the floor, and iron grates were also returned to the original shape.

And Vandaloo in the room is a woman ... I was ent。 to Ameria and I was talking about it.

“I was working for you today?”

“Yes, I had a grassyむ.”

“I don’t know what you’re doing...”

“I have to do something, and I have been asked.”

"You, so, now you can't endure." But I'm... I'm you.

“No, don’t blame you.”

While talking about it, Vandalou has seen that the meaning of “you” in Amelia is known as “you”.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. In other words, this person is probably conf  with my husband ... it is quite serious)

I don’t know what kind of person Amelia’s husband is. However, there is no doubt that it is a person that is similar to me.

However, I don’t remember the feeling of discomfort, I continue to talk. No severity.

“Thank you, you... I think it’s a long time to talk with you. I went to this room with you yesterday and yesterday.

“It’s probably because I’ve done something like a child that’s coming from the window.”

Since it seems to be serious, Vanderou told Amelia. I don’t know whether it is a hallucination or delusion, but don’t deny what she believes. If you neglect, you may be ショックed by aショック or puzzle, or you may be shocked.

He learns the spirit and ghost of his hand. I don't know how to cure.

“Yes, I’m sure you are. What kind of flowers are blooming outside?

"This flower is blooming in this season."

Vandalou blasted several 芽s from there when he reached Amelia. [Shadow arms] Plants that were born with the skills, quickly grown and bloomed colorful flowers.

“Well, it’s a nice hand! It’s like a small flower field. Remember me When I was a child, I played with you in the flower field.

Amelia said, but she shouldn’t meet the Duchess of Saulon, before Elizabeth’s father. She and the former Duke of Saulon are the difference between father and child.

It may be a conf。 of memory and delusion, even if it is an ideal husband who Amelia thinks, not the former Duke of Saulon.

However, Vandaloo doesn’t know that.

“Yes, I remember.”

Vanderou is talking to Amelia and blooms more. And then, we choose and pick the red flower, we knit the flower necklace and crown.

“What’s your finger? What’s your finger?”

“It’s right to make a flower crown and necklace for you to present.”

“Well, thank you! Well, I’m too... Oh? This flower seems to be yours, but you’re getting your flowers?”

“It’s because I did it to show you.”

“For me? Oh, thank you, you! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Vandaloo, which was emb ed by the s pted Amelia, answered the answer without 揺king.

“I’ve been str。ling recently.” It may be a little slimming."

The secret letter from Sele。, a dumpire girl protected by the "five-colored blade" arrives, and the closest S-class adventurer Schneダー abducts the former emperor by post-conception, and the end of the struggle of Vanderou is invisible.

In the letter, two letters are written. The letters of the contents that are not impaired to the sele , and the letters "five-colored blades" are spelled. Finally, I wrote a letter saying, "If you send a letter, write a thing of the Milg shield country."

The former emperor Mashukuzar will be an all-inclusive facility by blocking the world of the body, which is different from the Pluto. It is impossible to search for information without any escape. Complete prison.

Fortunately, Vandaloo thought to rely on ジングding. We will try to refuse to say that "What is fun to see the older body?"

"It was so! I'm sick... Oh, you. Don’t have a hard time with you or elix!

“I don’t care, I don’t feel that I’m str、ling to think about you, elix or maheria.”

I realized Vandaloo while answering it. Like Elizabeth.

Then, Elizabeth knocked the door of the veneer, where the crown and necklace of the finished flower were presented to Ameria.

Vandalu, which was taken directly outside of the Amerian ward, explained the history.

“I see... I see you in your mother’s room.”

"Thank you for your understanding."

Elizabeth was convinced that he left the mother to Maheria and heard the situation from Vandaloo. I was convinced, but I had a difficult face with my arms.

"When you remove the joints of the whole body and enter it from the window, it is used for handicrafts that emit flowers, etc. Is it possible to do it in a scout job?

However, it’s a bit ...... Vandaloo, asking, so this is silent!

」

“Is it true? Do not talk to the Duke of Alcム?”

」

Vandaloo振 the neck. Even if he was not told by Elizabeth, Vandalou didn’t intend to disseminate Ameria.

If you want to be secret that your mother is sick only for Elizabeth's prosperity, you may have proposed another thing.

“I want to keep my mother secret for me?”

A prejudice to those who have changed their spirit is rooted in the world. It’s not the same among adventurers and mercenaries, but it’s especially true in the Royal Society.

Elizabeth is also a member of the Amelia. However, there was a reason why I wanted to protect my mother from such bias.

"...It's because the mother gave the body to the soldiers that we escaped from the帝国 of the Amid Empire. There were people who drew such rumors.

I know that my mother came here.

That’s whyザzabeth supposes the secret behind the heart that was silenced except Maheria, whether he was exposed to the words of Vandaloo.

“Who rumored me, I know that. Ludel and his younger brother, Vidal, others are not rumors.

I wanted to crush the possibility of remarried by my mother. "It's troubled to be made on the outer edge of the Duchess of Saulon to the subtle noble"

Elizabeth is a daughter recognized by the Duchess of Saulon. T。 who remarried with their mother are not part of the Duchess of Saulon but are considered to have a certain impact. I hated it.

The rumored person aimed at ugly listening, so it was not assumed that Amelia had a mental illness and had hospitalized to a院.

Actually, the Count of Lime Sands is related to the hospitalization of Ameria, but it is still not known as Elizabeth.

"So, it is scared that the mother was known to have been raised, and the mother hurts. How do I do if my thing is gone?

"It seems to be serious. When do you visit the hospital?

“I’m going to be a five-year anniversary this year... I’m going to have a bad time. Like a slow downhill.

I see. It may be better to find out what kind of treatment you are doing.

“I don’t know more about it, but I’d like to have a prescription every day... Why do you care about that?”

"Of course, to help Ameria's treatment"

It takes time to treat heart disease. In the middle, it may be a chance to have a counseling or a little thing, but it may not be cured even if it is a lifetime.

Therefore, it is not impossible even if it is suitable for about 5 years. This is the story of "Earth" and "Origin" where 、、try is progressing.

You should be wondering if the treatment is really effective in Rumda, which has not been established. It seems that the treatment is not explained in the relative Elizabeth.

“I want to help you, right? Because I have the same party, I don’t have to go there.” I can't thank you very much.

。 I just want to do it. I will do it even if Elizabeth says stopping. However, I can’t guarantee it until I complete it, but I can’t know if I go back to Amelia.

Mental treatment is difficult for Vanderou. As a result of eliminating all trauma, it is possible that the spirit collapses and become a waste person.

If you have a serious heart injury, you will be treated as an old wound.

So you need to spend time. [Metamorph] When the mari was, it took a yearly time to transplant the missing part of the soul. Ameria may take several years to complete.

Thank you. However, it is impossible to call a person's mother by name."

Home

Elizabeth enjoys the cheeks of Vandalu, which he calls to the name of his mother.

“What do you do if you say that you can help you? Is it possible to have a meeting other than family members?”

"I think about it." Let's take a break from tomorrow. I will ask Pauvina for the special lessons between them.

“What is thinking?”

“I don’t have a problem!”

When Elizabeth tried to hear the story from Vanderou, the staff rushed out across the corridor.

He was the staff of the facility with a dark secret behind him, and he was instructed to approach Vanderou from the Count of Lime Sand to Ameria.

However, the timing of the hospital has already been requested by the adventurerルドld, and Vandalou responded to the request. The subordinates ordered to look at are crusty, and they were found in front of the room of the patient who was forced to approach the facility. This should not be  ry.

“You say that you are a child of a noble, and you don’t have special treatment! Let’s go out! If you’re going straight out, don’t report to the adventurer ルドld!”

。 Thank you very much for your support.

And Vandaloo is not picked up straightly.

“I think it’s really okay?”

ザzabeth, who took Vandalou, remembered anxiety, but he thought he should talk from Paulina tomorrow, and he told his mother that his father had a sudden job.

On the other hand, the staff picked Vandalou and wiped the sweat.

What did you do? It may be better to refrain from today’s medicine for the sake of mind. You may have something in your room.

It is a common way to steal and take a picture using a messenger. Let’s report that giving medicines should be done by examining if there is no such thing. There should be no effect on stopping medicine once or twice.

Then the staff returned to the hospital.

The next day, Vandalou was in front of the hospital where Amelia is hospitalized.

“So, I would like to go to the hospital for my child’s breath...”

"Yes! I would like to visit the hospital because my son Vandaloo is sick."

Dr. Dalcia strongly emphasized the chief of the hospital whose laughs were pulled.

“Well, Vandaloo?”

“Mother, shining people and people of water and flame dance. I can hear a song from the body.

"Chairman, this is from yesterday"

Since it was time, Ghosts who practiced dancing and Vandaloo, who played lessons in the body world, but the chief of the hospital seemed to have a mental illness.

“No, it’s serious.” There is also an introduction letter from the Duke of Alcム and let's permit hospitalization."

The request from the Count of Lime Sands is of course known by the Director. However, it was not possible to refuse patients with an introduction letter from the Dukes.

(What should I do? But it would be okay to see the room on the other floor than that patient)

It is a matter of a while that he realizes that it was a big mistake.

Next story will be posted on August 28th.