Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short story 67: The end of the “Empire” and the birth of the “Sacred Country”

"O beloved people, too is。d in the name of the Emperor Amid. Here, we return to Alda, the God of God of God of God, who is great in the empire, and we have to control you with that word.

There were no applauses or cheers from the people even when the declaration of salザー spreading in the magic item was heard in the city.

“What do you think of returning the Emperor to God?”

“Does the Emperor conquer the Emperor?”

“Are the temples cure the country?”

Instead, the whisper was spreading like a small wave.

Dear people, don’t worry about anything. This is what is necessary for the future of this world, to correct mistakes and to meet God's heart.

Her mouth opened on behalf of the former emperor of Salザー. A boy who has not yet passed away from his teenager, but he had more charisma than salザー.

The background of God's deity and became the Emperor. And his own negligence that he was chosen as Alda is to be a charisma and to the people.

"The Amid Empire will change its name from this time. However, people who are faithful to the teachings of God should be faithful to the teachings as before yesterday.

If you have any。s, you may have a。. However, we are close to Alda Temple. Be sure to pledge God to be the power to overcome trials.”

However, even if I heard the words of Ayleek with such a charisma, there was no anxiety of the people.

There is no opportunity for people in many countries around the world to engage in politics. If the home is conquered in other countries, or if the government has a good pressure, it will be a radical means such as 動s and gerillas, but if not, it is normal that politics are not related to our general citizens, other than direct connection to their work and nostalgia.

A country without an election system, where the media that reports information about people involved in politics is only on the system side. If you are a citizen, you don’t remember anything.

And most people of the Amid Empire have no serious problems in their lives. The former emperor Mashukuzar has been a good government for decades, and the current emperor Sarazar is a puppet, and many of the predecessors' policies have been inherited as it has not been so long as the emperor still became the emperor.

Amid empire, nobles and temples of each country, and slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave and slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave slave

The new breeds of Vida, which are persecuted, have been dissatisfied, but it has already become everyday among them since it was the first generation of Marshkuzar and the empire of Amid. In addition, there is no new breed of Vida, which is expected to be better living by listening to the politics of Alda Grand Prison.

In the first place, many of the new breeds of Vida, who are full of anti-bone and behavior, such as organizational anti-government movement, have been brought to the outside of the country.

It is a feeling of anxiety, not the expectation to remember reflection on the things that such people宣言d that the system will change greatly from today. Because there is no large dissatisfaction in the present situation, it is natural to remember the anxiety that "may change to a bad person" rather than remembering the hope that "life may improve".

In addition, there are many things that make the right life to strictly adhere to the doctrines preached by the temple.

It is a difficult task to strictly observe the law by eliminating all the gray zones and not making exceptions.

If you are forced to challenge it and can’t do it, you will be locked by the priests who have become legal. It’s anxious about the people’s brain.

However, because the Emperor is the partner of the Lord because he is the grace of God. It’s natural to be dissatisfied to be cured correctly according to the will of God, even if you are worried about the more correct virtues in line with God’s will.

Ayrek guarantees that “you can live like yesterday,” and “there is no one who suffers from s, and the temple will support you.” However, even if he is a saint who became the princess of Alda, the empire has changed from today to the holy nation, and he cannot wipe out anxiety.

“The more correct way to be in line with God’s will is to practice the thoughts of Alda Melting Family that spreads in the Kingdom of Orbaum that we recognize the beasts, giants, dark elfs and mer。s.

Toalda Grand Prison宣言s that it is a law that protects all the people of the Amid Holy Kingdom and exeとするifies it as a new doctrine of Alda Fusion.

And actually, the anxiety of the people was in的. Living in the Amid Holy Land is because it is clear that the Amid Empire is completely different from the 、.

There are few people who know more about the thoughts of Alda Fukakaka, born in the Kingdom of Orbaum, an enemy country since the country.

However, it is important to acknowledge the existence of a new breed of Vida and acknowledge the right as the same person.

The Amid Empire and its home country have significantly limited the rights of the new breed of Vida. In addition to becoming a bureaucracy and a military person, it is established by law so that it is not possible to start a business meeting that manages himself. It is free to become an adventurer or mercenary, but it is not possible to get aristocratic position even if you give the result of the績, and it is impossible to be a knight or a magecraft.

It is possible to live in towns and villages as a craftsman, farmer, and worker, but it is not protected by law even if it is dubbed and sold as a slave. More than half of the slaves traded in the Amid Empire are occupied by the new breed of Vida.

族ed tribes ... not only vampire and magical tribes, but also s ula, harpie, kentauros, ramia and arakune, if you appear in the village, you will be狩d by guards and adventurers, and if you find a place to live, you will be dispatched to kill all the magic.

And it also contains the vampire and the dampire, which is a mixture of other tribes.

Such a country suddenly remedy the idea of Alda Fuka派. It is not possible to live the same as yesterday.

Especially, the situation of slaves and their customers is serious. I remembered the fear that the product or property must be free of charge, or whether it is投d by the reason that it is until yesterday.

Even if it is a Pope, it can not be silent. When the people screamed while pushing up the fist, the mutations occurred.

"Yes, the moon..."

The time is gradually becoming in the evening. Because it is summer, there is still a lot of time until the day is long and the sun sinks, but even if the moon looks good, it will not be.

“The moon is getting bigger!”

However, in the sky pointed to the first woman who noticed it, the moon that should not be seen easily even if the eyes are  gged clearly appeared and gradually increased.

Many of the people who had anxious, puzzled, and irritated blood were erupted by this variant. In order to prove the rightness of the Holy God’s commitment, Alda believed that it is a mir  caused by God’s power, and prayed.

The escort knights are wary of the surroundings on the balcony.

“This is like a phantom art? What is a magician? What is the wolf sword?”

In contrast to the sarazal, the honey questioned the alek in a calm state.

“Arek Hall, what if?”

"No, it is not the God of Alda. However, I feel the神の of God.  

Before the Ayleek ended, a crack occurred without sound at the center of a huge full moon floating in the blue sky. and open.

A huge eyeball appeared when a crack occurred in a month opened. It seems that the moon was replaced by a monster that only the eyeball.

“Oh!”

“Oh, it’s a waste!”

Many of the people screamed in unprecedented景 and became panic and started to escape. However, I was convinced that she was looking at the different shape of the moon.

“This is the choir of God who is deeply involved with it!”

Heinz pulled out the ceremonial sword and jumped on the balconies.

“【The Goddess of the Night!”

The bellwood dwelled in the Heinz, and the feeling of glow andさ filled the surroundings.

“Oh!”

What is God?

I forgot the fear of people who were in panic.

By using the magic item, the swords were sprinkled upward in the sky of the people.

"[Burning Holy Light Flash]!"

The slasher released by the depths of the honeysuckle cuts the moon’s mono。 from the front.

At that moment, the sound that the glass can crush disappeared and the shaped moon disappeared. After that, the moon that became the original size float in the blue sky.

“I didn’t respond to my request, but did you leave?”

Heinz looked at the moon for a while, but the people of the Amid Empire cheered him.

Not only the Alda believers, but also the followers of Pelia, Botin, Rikula and Zulwarn were not the exception. Like the people of the Kingdom of Orbaum who saw the appearance of Dalcia descended by Vida.

At that time, Aradia raised a short scream in the Magic Continent.

"How did you take the lava? Or did you bite the magic? Is there any injury?"

“The Giant of the Moon” Dianna rushes to a single hand with an adult and a quiet girl.

"I'm okay, my mother. However, if you want to know what the enemy on your father is, you can see it.

Aladia has a ripped rice cake, and the answers that I can't get in need while making the eyes of the forehead many times.

。 Do you have any injuries? Does your eyes or head hurt?

However, Diana seems to know what is important. However, first, I prioritized to confirm that there is no change in her physical condition.

“What do you do? What do you have in Aディア?”

』

Tearmat and Bakunawa, who have noticed mutations, speak to them. This is a place away from the sanctuary of the magic continent and Zantak.

However, it’s not a threat to Dianas, whose subdi、 is. It is like a picnic in a natural grassland. The child may be stinged on the。s, running around and rolling down, but it is not a problem if the parent sees it. That’s why it’s not so serious.

It’s okay. I checked it carefully, but there is no injuries.

"Yes, there is no pain. However, I was surprised that it was a dazzling thing.

And it was not actually a serious 、aradia. After confirming it, Diana explains what she did to Aladia.

The power of the forehead maze appeared. The eyes of the forehead seemed to be a maze, but I didn’t think that I could be able to demonstrate my power so quickly.”

“Is it a permeability or a thousand eyes?”

It is not like a thousand eyes. Perhaps you have seen a distant landscape in the moon. He is the enemy of Vandalou, and he has heard of the Amid Imperial or the Duchess of Fゾン.

And he was defeated by some people with a shining weapon, whether the magic of the optic attribute was used.

Diana was almost true. However, because Ar、 is inexperienced, I could not understand the description of the景 I saw so I could not tell what was there.

If you can see your status, you will be able to tell your mother about it. However, she was out of the status system because she was a god.

In addition, since Diana and Tiermatt do not have a maze, all the knowledge is conveyed.

“My mother has a high nose, so I can use my power without having to be born for a year. Aディア”

"Yes! I will do my best more and I can't beat it again this time!"

“I don’t have to rush.” My mother is satisfied if you grow up big and healthy, spending a lot of money even for thousand years and two thousand years.

The feeling of Diana, a true giant living for over ten thousand years, was very long.

"Dana is also a deer. “I’ve seen how con  has grown hundreds of thousands of children”

Bakunawa’s brothers and sisters: マs, true giants, beast kings, as well as demon 人s and magical lords, the new breed of Vida, which isヴィ。iar to the magical continent, said Diana laughed lightly.

"Omae is a long relationship, but it is natural that you look at it by others when you parent.

If you don’t tell you what Aradia saw in the use magic king...Tearmat, where is the use magic king?

"I'm so busy, I've got to eat everything. The use of a toy substitute wizard has been put...bow?

When Tiermatt turned his eyes to his son, Baknawa pulled his mane like a nomi like a witch.

"Yes, emergency food"

"I thought that when I was eating all the use magical kings, I was so hidden, but I was boring?"

It seems that Vandaloo was hidden for the above reasons, but it was only確保 to Baknawa as an emergency.

"Vandalu, did you hear the story?"

"No, I made it for emergency contact, so I don't hear it because I usually sleep and save magic to extend uptime. If you explain again, it will be helpful.

That’s why Vandaloo knew what happened.

Later, a meeting was held at the palace of the Amid .

The migration from the Amid to the Holy Land began after the Mao Gudulanis fell in the Kingdom of Orbaum. Therefore, the problem has been continued even now that the name of the country has changed to the people.

However, because of the sudden religious state, the actual situation is equal to the sign. It is a person who has given the position as a priest to the civilian and sacrifice of the empire era, and since it has been influenced by the business as it is, there is no confusion.

Other than changing the national policy to Alda Fukaze family.

"About the new breed of Vida, the release from slave is progressing smoothly. He pays the same cooperative money as the market, and is he still the light of God?

"At the same time, there are also people who try to make cooperation with slaves owned by the new Vida family. There are various cases, such as when we are working with people in the new breed of Vida, but we are able to respond at this time."

“It’s after you have already hit the storm of 奴隷ence.”

While listening to the report of the priests, the salザー given the top of the cardinal was soaked in a dark joy.

I thought that it was the emperor of the decoration, and now it is the former emperor of the decoration. In the future, the position has not been favored because it will be punished by the dissatisfaction of the people who have problems with the Amid .

However, it is because the surroundings are similar to that when帝国d the end of the empire.

Sarazar does not know from the beginning that the transition to a sudden religious state is good with this strong draw. This country will be collapsed after you have been killed or before it. It disappears in the history of the past, just like the country flourished in the past.

However, it seems to have it for a while due to God’s light.

"It seems to be in progress. And if you have the power of the 光ding and the light of the Bellwood, the word of God was correct.

And Ayrek Malmo, who led the transformation to the religious state of the Amid Empire, was smiling.

Ayrek received a long and complex deity from Alda. If he is not, he will not be able to receive it completely unless he is the Chief of the Vida Temple of the Vidal Magic Empire.

In line with it, Aliek moved to turn the Amid empire into a religious state. Everything remains the will of Alda ... to defeat Vanderou and Vidal Magic Empire.

Initially, Arda was planning to fight Vanderou by力を the forces of the Amid and the Kingdom of Orbaum.

However, Alda decided to give up the kingdom of Orbaum, looking at the kingdom of Orbaum, after Vandaloo defeated the King Gudulanis.

Alda also noticed that Vandaloo’s guidance differs from past conductors. The kingdom of the Orbaum is another delay except the Duke of Fゾン. It is impossible to wind from here.

So it was necessary to put together in a solid manner only with the Amid Empire. And I’m trying to work with the Duke of Fazon.

However, Alda knows that he does not move as his own will. For the past tens of thousands of years, it was not possible to extinct the new breed of Vida, and finally it became recognized to survive the new breed of Vida.

So Arda decided to take the same means as Vanderou... and Vida.

"I am just acting as a alda fusion type." And this deployment was not my original."

In the direction of Nine Road, Heinz, headed to the Amid empire, cooperated with Aleek as the Alda fusion.

Heinz was required to demonstrate his ability as a 士ding person, and the use of the 臨ding God. That is why we are going to force the people who cannot hear God’s voice.

"If possible, I would like to talk and deepen understanding, not to follow people using [the goddess of spring]. If there is no change ..."

There is no concern about diseases. It is great for you to get the support of the people. Now you are the heavens of Amid」.

"... I'm thankful for Vandaloo and Yara,"

Sarazar says to the slaughter of the words of Ayrek, and is aimed at sharp eyes from other cardinals that are occupying the conference.

Heinz, who was 揶揄ed, thought that he was the best. And he asked Aileek instead of him.

“What do you think about the S-class adventurer in the Kingdom of Orbaum, who is from his home country, and what do you think about me that I have been working as a alda fusion?”

Agreek answered the question.

“It’s God’s Will.” I have no doubt that I am the acting person on the ground of God."

There was a watermark or a false smile before pure.

The Ayleek now has the power to win the emperor, but for him, the Amidst。 country is not worth it.

Next story will be posted on May 31st.

In addition, the comical version of my work by Kenyo Kojima has been updated on May 24 by Niconico Shizuku and Comic Walker. Please check here.