Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 347: The battlefield of a self-proclaimed god, a self-proclaimed god, and a hero who is treated as a hero by god

When a large number of ミs emerged in the royal castle and the 王s were evacuated. The city of Orbaum didn’t notice the difference. There were some people who noticed that there was something from a noisy moment in important facilities and advanced aristocratic towns near the castle, but there was nothing in the lower aristocratic city, commercial district, and residential district.

two exceptions. One is the people who have God’s protection.

“What is going to happen in the castle!”

Hendriksen, who had lost his body in the training field of the adventurerルドld, learned that the only situation was born by the Goddess of the Holy ar.

For today’s day, he stood up with fellow and other candidates. However, it is not possible to get people into panic by completely armed.

By 織ing the manto, we devise it so that the armor does not stand out, and we go out the ルドld as if there is nothing.

"Thank you, Art。." It was a place where I felt too much, I could run out.

“When you run through the area with noble houses, the knights fly away. I don't have to do wasted kneading.

"Do not worry, I want to run the same thing. However, if we run, we will get angry with the guards.

"Hello! I can't rely on it!"

Hendriksen praised theサーs of theアーulent arts to maintain the usual calmness and field of view at such times, and the leadership of Miriam.

“I don’t have that.”

(I don’t just call you to run out, because it’s bad for you to wear a castle too soon!)

Miriam called Hendriksen and started to calm down to earn time until the six-way holy search was completed in the Choo Castle.

When it comes to an emergency, it seems that the Hendriksen people enter the castle with the dysfunction of the nezumi. It is only in ed by 兵s. That’s why we don’t have the safety of our input mice.

However, when the discovery of the Rokudo holy comes out of the castle, Hendriksen will stay on the spot and fight. I don’t know whether the opponents who are aiming for the war are Rokudo St., Vandalou or both.

We want Hendriksen to cooperate with the evacuation of the poor, so we don’t want to join the fight directly.

Thank you for your understanding. It is an in t to leave people who are trying to fight with their hard work, but I don’t want to fight against Vanderou.)

From the time of God’s app  , I have been able to dying at the end of the fight since I became an adventurer. Miriam guides them while remembering the sinners of Hendriksen, who said so.

Elk, the goddess of the Holy、ar, whose appearance is seen in the area of God, was headed to Milliam’s “Heart Warrior” with a mixture of bitterness and sensitivity.

“What should I do? After all, I’m still in the power of the people.”

"Is it necessary to warn me by God? If you say, it will be like the time of the Schne、 of "Zun Rai""

“It’s already a bad deal, and it’s a conclusion.”

"If this is a thing, please warn me about it from the beginning ..."

"Now, I'm going to say such a thing."

They also know that they are connected with Vandalu, the backings of the “Women of Rain Clouds” Bashas.

However, he hesitated to tell Hendriksen to be alerted by his deity. If you’re wondering, not only Miriam but also Artサーs are not wicked.

"Heart Warrior" has not been wicked. It’s like it’s an outward appearance, and it’s all about speaking.冒険 the adventurers, enter a good class. The rules and manners of the ルドld are not broken.

There are suspicious swings and speeches, but it is harmless just by monster.

In particular, there is no observatory activity of God who gave up to the Vida and himself, and there is no initiative to spread the thoughts of Vandalu to obey some Vida’s new species and undead.

It is not uncommon to think about it as a believer, but it is not uncommon to the good old ones. The authority of the temple is a distance, representing the faith of God in his own behavior. It is superior to the priests who are not行動d by behavior only in the tongue, which is built in the temple recently.

(To be honest, I was so impきed by Baシャs who chose good people while the betrayer)

Elk, whose nature as a war god, evaluated the Artサーs.

There was no reason for this situation, and I did not give the command to Hendriksen to be wary of Heart Warriors.

Of course, it was possible to tell the name and appearance of the "Heart Warrior" in a state where there is no sense yet.

If you do so, Hendriksen, who is not a madder who does not know all of his life to fulfill the mission in absolute。 with the word of God, may continue to take a certain distance by cautioning the Heart Warrior. And if you have a distance, you will not know until you become a person just by looking out of Hendriksen's "Heart Warrior"。

“But there is no problem at this time? Here is the information about Vandaloo from the Heart Warrior. I have received advice on what to do when moving to the next threat.

However, the goal was to get information about Vandaloo from the Heart Warrior.

In fact, I got some information.

“What do you say? What do you mean when you know that Vandalou is doing dance practice every morning or that is superior to brushing techniques?”

I got a good friend, so I started to chat and talk about the world, but there were few information that could be useful for chatting and intersection.

That's not all. “We were able to help you in a dangerous place with a request made jointly with Heart Warrior”

"Vandalu is not ob te from the beginning to the Heart Warrior's team? There is no suspicious thing to do without suspiciousness."

......

Donght and Elk beat the pattern of the spear on the floor, and when he sounded a heavy sound, God stopped the論.

"Each way, so far, the rebellion can be changed later." A big challenge will attack Orbaum. First, you have to surpass it.

“Herk, do you believe in the words of Vandalu that the six-way holy reincarnation is reborn?”

“I’m not going to believe, but I’m not going to deny.”

However, there is no doubt that the noisy of the castle is a prelude of something. I have missed the time to ask for a false question. It is only possible to deal with the future. I can do it. We believe that we have grown up.

“I’m not sure! I’m already in the castle!”

“We will be the power of mines and will be a part of the defeat of the King Ma”

That said to Elk is the god of yang flames, the god of control and the milliones. Rubicante had previously applied to the recent candidate of the friend Carlos of Hendriksen, but he was guided to Vanderou and deprived of the advocacy and gave the knight with the Orbaum Kingdom.

I chose a knight who had already had high power, thinking that there is no time to grow a new breeding. Mirione is not an adventurer, but a god who chose the court magician, knight, and guard.

“Who is the best spear?” I love it.

What’s important is the result of the future fight.”

When the gods of the Alda force were noisy, there was no sort of cedar.

“Hmm, I need to wait forever.”

He is hired as an escort of Zean, but Asagi Tatsumi stayed in the inn by the Duchess of Billgit.

It was because Vandalou had a distance from the aristocratic city where he stayed. In fact, they were not only physical distance, but also in informative meaning.

The three people of Asagi, Tendow, and Shoko from the gods of Alda force have not been accepted. That’s why God didn’t know God’s deception. I'm not talking about it.

However, I thought that three of them were Rodo Corte. If Alda, Nine Road, and Elk were entrusted to Asagiri, it would not be delivered to Asagiri people who have no faith in Alda power.

“It’s hard to say that it’s back...” Work

"Because the request of Billyt's Duke"

"It's different! If this orbaum causes a six-way incident, what do we do without stopping us! It's okay to leave it to Vanderou!"

"No, I feel like I'm leaving it."

Tendow and gingko said to the asagi that shakes the heat valve. Both people want to say to the sixth road, and don’t think they want to do the same thing as the former [バー Bars].

I think it would be my best to work out to stop the former fellow切りer.

However, Tendou and Shoko understand that they were not trusted by Vandalou. ...... It’s natural because it’s just someone who had just passed to the same school in the past. In addition, today's self is a cord of Lodo Corte.

There is a self-negligence that has the power to value cooperation. If Tendo's [Chiri Eye], you may also see where Rokudo is infiltrating. Shoko's high attack force is not decisive, but it should be a fight. Then, if you are the [Magemasher] of Asagiri, you can remove the dead attribute magic that you have acquired.

In addition to its ability, the three people who have gained experience in the Duchess of Burgit have become much stronger than before. Even if you are self-powered, you have the power equivalent to the A-class adventurer. ...... I was focusing on the study of [the 片fact of the King], so the actual grade is B-class adventurer because I have not received much requests from the ルドld.

In addition, there is a certain result in the research on [the missing of the Devil]. It is really a constant result.

However, Vanderlou has been collaborating with herself and has received a warning. It is impossible to fight at that time. It may be the biggest護 to Vandalu to take away the cedar right now.

“But I don’t think that I’m going to be able to do something to me, or to me.”

"When the situation becomes serious, I think that it may be able to help even one person if they are affected. In addition, it is an unlawfulness, not to discard the people of the Bill Git duke who are influ ."

“T ’s it! Let’s cross the Vanderlus! Let’s send a letter to your friends in the adventurerルドld.”

"It's not!"

Two people rushed down and  ed up with actionable asagi.

There are three motivated people, but Lodcorte did not send them six-way information, and did not let them know that Vandalou moved.

I noticed that the terkatanis were disappointed by the front kick of Kanako. However, because they are going to stand in front of the Rokudo St.

As a rodocolte, who wants to defeat Vandalou using the sixth road, and to destroy Vandalou's fellows and the country he cures, the Asagiri people of the present are only tedious.

Therefore, I did not make a deception. And if you stay in an inn outside of the aristocratic city, it will be a long time to notice that they are different.

And in the sky above the castle, the battle was stopped.

"The magic of the Death Attribute is compressed and released ... I see [Death bullet]! "

A six-way to release the same magecraft as soon as it was released to Vandalou.

"[High speed spiral shot]"

Vandaru throws a sword like a throw knives while defeating six-way releases with [the junction of the sword].

The sixth way is to avoid it.

』

A fine thread tangled into his body. The threads made from the “King of the Devil’s Silk thread gland” are wrapped in the avoided corner.

】

』

Vanderou throws a different martial arts while enclosed the movement. However, the six-way was quickly removed from the tangled thread. The surface of the skin is free of lukewarm and gloss.

It was a six-way that I tried to move to the counterattack, but it was forced to interrupt the attack by the suspicious ray released from the castle.

“I suddenly became a Tekateka, but it is said to be [Sebaceous gland of the King]?”

“I didn’t seem to have a fat directly, so I probably wouldn’t see it.”

Vanderoo analyzed him while repeating checks to the sixth road and調べ of the調べ.

I know that Rokudo was transformed into a body made of [the 片fact of the king]. Like the owner of a normal fragment, it is not parasitic to the fl  of the king, but the fl  of the king.

I don't know if there is a difference.

I'm looking for a distance whether the attack is used by the Mage King's fault. In addition, there was a concern that if the shock wave of death is released when it is hot in the fight, it may fail to prevent it.

"It was helpful if Terkatanis knew the details of the collection fragments."

There are many cases where there is no missing part in the seal of [the missing part of the King]. The exception is only a missing piece that was able to take a detailed record when the seal was destroyed once again.

For this reason, Terkatanis also [the nose of the magical king] ... I did not know except the missing that the "five-colored blade" sealed several years ago.

How do you call "[片]"?

If it is the same as [the deficiency of the King of the Devil], Vandaloo was considered as the main body and tried to destroy the host deliberately trying to join him. Vandalu answered the neck to Gufadghan who suggests it.

"It's true, but it's also true. Six-way [Devil of the King] feels like it is not running. It depends on what you define as a runaway.

Have you ever noticed anything about Gufadghan or Fidi Lug?

"Oh, I'm there! I'm so excited about it!

As soon as Vandalou asked, he said, “God Dragon God” Fidi Lug screamed like that.

What is it?

。 It’s not true, but it’s not true that it’s too similar to Gudulanis.

Don’t forget that this awareness has been over ten thousand years. The fear and pressure that震s from the bone marrow.

"Awesome thing! If you are holding a cane, you want to escape! "

Fidi Lug was frustrated by the spirit of the King Gudulanis. It is because the whole body is made of [the王action of the King of the Devil], so I only feel it. I asked myself many times, but still the in、ct does not stop saying that it is Gudulanis.

"... I feel like that. However, I don’t know why I feel it.

Gwhadghan also tilted the neck while shifting the long-di  attack using the six-way [death bullet] and [the missing of the Devil] repeatedly.

It is not sprinkled and used. That’s why I don’t feel like Gudulanis. In fact, I never remember the same taste as Gudulanis from the great Vanderou.

So, is it? Is it because the whole body is made of [the missing of the magical King]? If the soul that is moving the body is another thing, it will change the appearance?)

I think, but I don’t answer.

It may be related that the six-way is a reincarnation. However, because it is not related to the cheet abilities ... What was Rodo Corte?

When I defeated Gudulanis, the soul of Gudulanis was sealed separately, but Alda asked Rodcolte, a soul expert for some seals and management. If there is no soul in this world, Gudulanis will not be completely revived.

"I'm sorry, but I'm not. Is that true??"

“... Oh, that’s right.”

When Vandalou sees the sixth road, he will try to catch the edge of his mouth. The laughter told the answer to the male.

"Hey!? I'm sorry! "

“It’s unexpected to be suspicious to you.”

In other words, the sixth trajectory released the air cannon like a tornado from the [the nose of the magical king] that ran into the chest.

“It’s unexpected to say that it’s out of mind.”

Vandalou攻撃s the air gun with black rays ... [cannons] and攻撃s the sixth time.

“Everything is the cause of you.” The power of the same magical king is necessary to defeat you who want to 振 his own will by using the 片。 of the King. What is wrong with that? Well, what is wrong with me?

The six-way said to avoid the Vandalu's [cannon] lightly.

“Beyond that, it seems that even if you have come to God before me, you will be un自由onable. I thought in the past, but you are also aiming at the god of love?

In other words, the six-way releases the air gun again towards Vanderou. Vandalou broke out the magic without affecting it.

If you’re wondering, Vanderlut is the city.

“I don’t want to be haiku.” However, there is only common sense and distinction that is not before."

The common sense is that Orroc and Cobite royalists have objections, but Vandaloo is going to be. When the dungeon is  ped in the dungeon on the sixth road, it is said that it was not destroyed and escaped.

The dungeon entrance was the lower part of the castle. If the dungeon was destroyed and escaped from the inside, the royal castle could receive an extra wave of Vandaloo attack from the bottom. I wanted to avoid it.

For this reason, Vanderou raised its ability by the effect of “powering capacity: co-fooding”, and Gphade Ghan chose the method of “transitioning” outside the dungeon to increase the efficiency of magecraft using the variants.

Even if the result of the battle is damaged, it is not possible to reduce the number of victims as Vanderou. However, it is unavoidable to make a huge damage to the castle by his attack before he saw the King Kobit.

Of course, there is a canako in the largest medieval castle, and Ira which was transformed into the medieval terkatanis.

“I see, while arriving at the seat of God, I continue to be bound by myself for human beings who have no faith. It is a good story for me that you are wearing your own.

But don’t worry about it!

And the sixth road released the air cannon three times from [the nose of the magical king]. However, in the air released from the huge two nasal holes, there is a poisonous purple with the disease and 猛ent poison that he made with magecraft.

“I don’t know how much value my existence is! I don’t know how much you’re in the world!

For the six roads that asked himself to be a special existence, the Vanderou is not allowed.

So, when I saw the appearance of Vanderou directly, I remembered a。erce a。 like the brain marrow burned.

It's a big snack. After that, I could not understand that mutual understanding was impossible.

Vandalou removes what is harmful to life with the magecraft of [disinfection], releases [cannon], and extends multiple [magical oval tube] from inside of the sleeve.

"Field"

Then, we made a series of measures by dinosaurs made from [Square] and [Bone] from [Square of the King].

For Vanderou, you can’t understand the values of the six lanes that have been God from you. When he and the sixth road, who boldly expand the opposite movement towards the overwhelming number of people trying to build his own huge statue and the temple, understand each other.

』

However, Rokudo made a hemisphere by swelling the body's beef that Vandalou released, and it was stopped by its elasticity.

“What is that?”

Is it possible to shoot? That's it!

The sixth road did not answer the words that Vandalou expressed, but this time, both arms and legs, and each one on the back, [the nose of the magical king] appeared and breathed by the screaming sound to release the air gun.

“How can I shoot with my hands and feet?”

not. Before the end, I 尾ed the dove to the cane of Vandalu who has been [transition] in front of me, and I shed my breath.

Vanderou is a fist on the sixth road. The princess of Verevia appears and the fist of Vanderou is wrapped in flame.

"[Flame prison death]"

』

The flame炎loded by the fist of Vandalu was six times more, and the sixth is trying to炎 the flame with the heat extingui  against the red-black flame, but lower the altitude without extingui。.

"Finished" It seems that people can crush their souls.

The past [Prince death] was [Prime God magic]. It is not a [gildism] to move with the power of the ghost. However, if you show the appearance of the Levia princess on the sixth way, it is to determine whether the sixth way can crush and ghetti the soul just like Vanderou.

However, there was no way to try it.

There are no様子 caused by the “[De片 of the King]” or the Death Attribute Magic that will be disabled by means such as absorption.

Let's take into account only the damage on the ground and attack it. Gufadghan, [Transition gate]

“It’s a great Vanderlust...Vanderoo, it’s a 入」.”

The vandaloos that seemed to defeat the sixth time by calling the fellows waiting in the world in the body, but it was interrupted by the 入。.

It was the Vandalu who was fighting in a prominent place called the sky above the Oto Castle, but it was about the use of the monk King and the Canako in the office of Terkatanis. The Knights of the Kingdom prioritize the safety of the Cobite King by the guidance of the Aila, which has become the predecessor of Rubicante.

However, five人d  flying at high speed by magic items were disturbed by this God-to-God, or the Battle of the Devil-to-God.

"[Brilliant Blade]!"

"Who came?"

As it was attacked, the sixth road that was wrapped in flame re勢es the situation with relief, and play the light attribute magic with [The Meat Ball of the Devil].

“It’s not the power, but it’s light. Is it the sixth-way holy?”

Heinz, the leader of the turbulencer, the “five-colored blade”, said that a new sword ... He re剣ed the legendary sword that Bellwood had once shaken.

"Vandaloo, I'm sorry, but I'm here for people, so let's fight until I'm defeating Rokudo St.!"

Heinz suggested to Vanderou, perceived as a threat to the sixth and common enemies. However, Vandalou also does not open his or her elf girl. However, he interpreted affirmation with their silence because he did not fly negative words or killings.

"I'll go, everyone!"

At the same time as Heinz's Ordinance, Dianabol strengthens its capacity with magic, and Deraザ triggers [Shishield] martial arts, [Ex。e Proposal] to force himself to attract six-way wars.

』

However, if the flame is炎d with heat, the surface of the body is changed by ignoring the deraザ.

“I don’t have a challenge!”

“I don’t know what to do, but I think I’m looking silently!”

At the same time, Jennifer jumped out with the repentance of Deliza and challenged the sixth way.

】

"I'm sorry! "

The high-speed shining fist shoots the entire body of the black heterogeneous giant. However, the sixth road prevents the blow of the jennifer by the elasticity of [Making's meat ball].

"So, let's disappear without elephant! Catherine!"

A woman’s ghost screams like a six-way ...... one of his subordinates who did not show up until that, a Catherine mirror of [Altemis] appears. Then, the poison air gun was released in the direction of the day after the death.

“Where? Where’s it? Is it a lie?”

Poison air guns move forward to the jennifer by changing the orbit so that they live by the cheet abilities of the catherine. It was a jennifer who tried to escape, but the sixth road does not allow it.

「【Shaining Slash】

But Edgar jumped there. At that moment, the sixth road remembered the urge to endure and turned all the attention towards him.

However, one shot by Edgar’s short sword was pulled by sebum from [sebaceous gland] to protect the skin of the six-way. However, in the gap, Jennifer succeeded to take off from the six-way intersection, and the toxic air cannon was scraped off by Vandalu.

"[Bringing life]! [Desperate true shot]!"

"[Inter】ate Punch]"

One of the holy swords in which the shining shine of the Heinz, and the magic of Vandalu from the back is aimed at six times.

っ

However, [inter、 breaking cannon] was aiming for six times the back of the honey. Heinz is 。ry, looking back, and turning back to the sixth road that was supposed to be cut, and hitting the magic that approaches himself.

"Seven Nights! [Switch Shield]! "

And the sixth road is not the back of the wings, but the death attribute magic that he developed towards the vandalous magic. Expand the shield to absorb the magic power, and make it possible to double the magic power that is embedded in the subordinates [Ales] of the Sugiura 7.......

"... I was too worried about how to remove toxicity."

"Tip, Good Fortune"

Vandaloo breathed up with a slight twist and six-way appearance.

“What’s going on? Now shouldn’t you cooperate to defeat the Sixth Threat you’ve claimed?”

“T、’s right?”

Vandalu answered Diana and Jennifer, questioning in his mouth as if he was surprised and shouted.

“I don’t say anything to fight together.” It was just silenced, expecting you to misunderstand.

No need to fight with you.

?」

quiet, but complete rejection. However, even if a common enemy appears, you can’t set up your hands.

"Khahaha! It's as expected! My thoughts were correct that you shouldn't be able to fight together! So, what's the brave of this world! I can't defeat Vandalu by working with me!"

“I don’t have to do that!”

"I think that you are proud of the things that are common."

In this way, the battle had three pairs.

Next story will be posted on December 4.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Sorry.