Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chronology of the three hundred and twenty-one vandaloo and one instructor, and the day of the decree

There is no distinction between the morning and afternoon in his day.

He is alone, and he is countless.

Is it necessary to say that part of the God of the other world "Origin" or that part was Vandalou? That’s it, Vanderou sees the people of “Origin” with its huge and countless eyes.

I am good at seeing it because it is a hemis。ical form with countless eyes and手。s.

24 hours a day No holidays. I don't do anything else.

It was very boring.

“All you can watch movies, books, and Tadah are not evil.”

That’s right. In addition, if you look at it, you can see the depth and depth of the forest.

It's amazing. Don't get bored!

Vandalou watched the people and nature around the world together with Pruto, part of the “God of Origin”.

This is not a stealing or。eping. “God, see it!” Vandaloo is just watching.

There are people who are very familiar with them. Josév, Shichimori, Sergey, and the No. 8 leads. I watched the things that I did.

“It’s because it’s a believer of Vanderou and a person who is guided. I'm also a guide of the 8th person, "It's easier to see others"

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post. However, the difference between the old TV and the latest TV is not invisible.

I see. By the way, “God of Origins” is now ours, but we are...”

Don’t stop it!

“I don’t want to walk around here!”

Suddenly, some myths shouted the word of Vandaloo.

When you look at what you want to see, the screaming myths rushed down and hiding in the shade of other myths. If you don’t know the translation, there is no neck to tilt, so you can instantly watch it.

"It seems to be scared because it is absorbed by Vandaloo. Because there are several pillars of the power reduced half after you appear. And now you have the power of the god of origin

“God of Origins” preserves the existence of people’s faith and awe. So, the gods whose faith has been abandoned, and the devils and monsters that are no longer feared will disappear. And the more faithful God, the feared demons and suspicions will be absorbed.

They seem to be afraid of it. ...... If you’re a partner, it’s not meaningful if you’re afraid of Vanderou himself. However, Vandalou is a part of the “God of Origin” and is also part of Vandalou, so it is wary that the common sense may not be used.

“I don’t care, but I don’t care.”

“I don’t have any way to do some of mysteries that can’t be folded in any way.”

“It’s not what we can do to force such relationships between people and neighbors.”

The god of origins other than Pluto will talk to Vandalu. They seem to struggle.

。 I’m going back to the story, but do you have any criteria for judgement when you give up or commit to a person?

“I don’t think it’s especially.” Until now, it is only possible to get the inner ring kneaded."

The criteria of humans who want to support depending on the mystery are different. And it was usual that other mysteries and devils that do not like even if they gave up the guardian or mystery would interfere.

Therefore, if it is not a crisis of the world dyna  like Rokudo St., it was奇跡 a mir  probability, "Origin God" did not cause a mir。.

“Is that right? If you want to push through with a power technique, do you do that?”

A few days after the incident that occurred in Rokudo St. The country of origin remains chaotic yet. The only exception is the United States, but it is a state that keeps the order by pushing the elephant elephant unidentifiable Cergey caused by a coolator.

Hiroto Azumimiya is working with President Sergey to安定 global situations, but it seems to take a long time. The world is mainly working with the European Union and other countries, mainly in cooperation with the European Union.

If you get down, "Origin" will be the second World War.

Well, because it is such a condition, there is no loud voice that pursues the responsibility of [バー Bars]. There are countries and organizations that want to pursue, but they don’t want to point out that their tops were working together with six directions, so they can’t be proactively appealed.

In addition, the presence that Sergey claims to be God may appear again when he is underneath [Ombars]. It seems that I can remember such anxiety.

Vandaloo remembered his feelings to people who are str。ling for the world, their home country, and their families.

“...... When I did not give up as “God of Origin”, I would like to give up with a dream.”

[God of Origin] has changed to [God of Origin]!

Vandalou ignores brain announcements that are unsurprisingly sounded and is active in the evening. In the dream, we encounter various people and spend time.

In a dream of a man, Vandalou is a huge head of chasing the man, and in a dream of a man, he was a countless dwarf of his palm size, and in a dream of another person, he was a bizarre figure of his head.

This is the dream of Vandalou.

And recently, I often dreamed of a person with Kanako. That’s why he’s playing on the stage. He’s the role of the audience and the staff to support.

However, some people seem to be guided by them. I feel like I saw it somewhere, but if the color of the hair is different, Vandaloo is calm.

Even if you are not dreaming, it is mainly due to time differences, but it is also active in the continent, the magic continent, and the boundary mountains.

Instead of various construction vehicles, we support explorers, make clothes, and document work.

However, the body is sleeping from night to morning.

"Good morning, Isen"

and 。 up.

』

Aisen, who was photographicly synthesized with Asahi, was 覚 up by Vandaloo and released him from his arms and 。.

There are many things to sleep with someone. The most common thing is Dalcia, but it sleeps with mene and hawk in the garden like today.

"Good morning, husband" It is fine to sleep, and I can see that I feel open away from home (the castle of the Vidal Magic Empire), but I think that I often sleep in the garden."

Let’s sleep together in Belmond and this night. I'm with Chiplus.

In addition, the order to sleep with Vandalou is popular as it becomes a male and female deprivation among his friends and subordinates. It is a minority that it is not deprived of such as rucilia gum and cinnamon.

"...I do not feel like sleeping in various ways, so I will resign. I'm scared if I know later.

Imagine the shining figure of Chiplus, Bermond swayed around the neck. In addition, I don’t know what to do if I know that Ira of the former five dogs who are not in this place was removed.

“Bermond is good for two people.”

“I don’t say that! If you don’t have breakfast, you will be late to school.”

It is a phrase that is not unusual in "Earth" but it sounds fresh. Would you like to ride a sam in front of the school?

Considering such a thing while walking to the house. As an image, it is a scene where a rich child is brought to our school by trekking and helicopter. It is a scene that is not so in reality.

“It’s rare in the adventurer school, but it’s not uncommon to go to school with a noble boy.”

“It’s noble.”

It seems that it is actually done in Ramda.

By the way, cooking is taking the number system.

Silky Zaccato Mansion, a cursed residence, has a dedicated cooker, but he can only be sashimi dishes that cut fresh ingredients in a huge meat cut knife along the Great Sword, so it is not allowed now.

There are several dishes that have changed from other "cursed residences", but there are only those who are not suitable for home cooking, such as chefs who specialize in turning ingredients into meat, tangle, and mince, and cooks who specialize in making ingredients alive and fried.

“Oh, Van! I’ve been working on Dalcia Moms for the early morning, and I’ve made it!”

Private breakfast is made by Pauvina. Potage soup of vegetables on bread with肉 meat shaken by salt. The dessert is steamed and soft.

Even if you consider the substitute of cooking utensils such as food processor-type goム, it is a well-朝食ed breakfast.

“Thank you, Paula.” Very delicious!

【C、ing】Vandaloo is aスキルning skill, but the dish made by someone feels exceptionally delicious.

We have breakfast with Pauvina who is pleased to say "Ehhe" and we will go to school if we have a good relationship.

"Yes, today's bento"

Dalcia handing over a special box like a heavy box to two.

There is a cafeteria in the preparatory school of the city, and a chef who has a skill to satisfy the taste of the students from aristocratic family is provided individually in a rate setting that can be hand-made even for students from Hirami.

...It was an ordinary cafeteria in the past, but since there were frequent troubles such as bringing cooks from the house, the students from aristocratic who were not satisfied with the taste, it seems to have become a cafeteria now.

In addition, students who are not able to afford economics often bring lunch boxes or lunch at学校lls that are open near the school.

Therefore, there is no need to make a bento, but she had a hand-made bento for two people because she was so busy.

"Thank you, mother"

"Thank you, Darcia Mom!"

On the other hand, Pauvina, of course, Vanderou should not remember except pleasure. I went to school with my luggage.

"Van, what is today's class? I'm self-study in the morning, and I'm a little sitting in the afternoon. “You can learn about the plants that grow around here.”

“I am self-studying in the morning. In the afternoon, we will have cooking training.

Even though the preliminary school is the same as the normal adventurer school, the new students are determined to receive a common class for all students to learn the least knowledge and technology as an adventurer.

If you know about wild plants, it will help you when you receive a request to collect rare plants, and if you know about herbs, you will have a survival rate when you use potions.

The cooking practice is to correct it because some of the students from aristocrat can not have a simple meal alone.

It is a strange story that you can not make a simple soup by returning the dried meat with hot water even though you are aiming for an adventurer.

It seems that it is a good idea to have a meal in school class, but most parents say, “If you are a preliminary school policy, you can’t do it.”

When the principal meorilis knows it, it seems that it was stopped around to add dishes to the test subject.

There are many self-study. Can Van cook? Can you add or decrease?

"The material is normal, so it is okay. Maybe"

They walked through the school. ......Vandalu is brought to Pauvina, so it was only Pauvina walking exactly.

And after the morning class, Vandaloo talked about the special lessons that went out of the city of Orbaum while eating the homemade lunch box of Pauvina and Dalcia. This time, there will be a party member of Rhine Halt and Paula.

“Is it better to get the right meat for edible even for Elizabeth? But if you’re just戦闘, you’ll be biased by combat experience.”

That’s right. It is better to fight witches of beast and plant type, not only sub-human type."

The size of the body is similar to humans. Therefore, it is easy to fight with the same sense as when fighting with humans.

However, if you are fighting only with a sub-human type, you may be injured by a beast-shaped monster that makes different movements, because there is no internal organs or aches, and even if you are suffering from pain, you may be injured by a botanical monster that continues to move with flatness.

“What is the power of Elizabeth?”

"Now, Elizabeth is almost sure to defeat the rank 3 if it is not揺king.  4 is difficult, 5 ... maybe, if I do not actively go out, it will be an accident."

“Oh, it’s right!”

Pauvina is shy, but it is still strong enough as a preliminary school student to struggle with rank 4. With Alex, you won’t be str。ling with rank 4 and you’ll be able to beat the number of monsters in rank 5.

"If it is, walking giant ッシュ is exactly right?" The shape is human type, but it is actually a plant type, so pain is dull, and there is no internal organ, so it is a magic that must be defeated different from the .

“Is Chiplus not ranked 4?

"It is, the Princess of Levia. However, there is a problem if the number is low. The quantity of ingredients taken from a single piece is double the骨 without bones.

I see. Let’s ask Simons a little more.

This is why today's special lessons were decided to be a giant walker.

Early in the morning of Randolph. He takes a simplicity breakfast when he starts to rise in the morning.

......

However, this day was bad.

He was sweated and he jumped from the bed, and he had a short sword hidden under the pillow. I realize that I 、 up from my dream.

“Dream...”

Wipe the sweat floating on the forehead with your arms, and Randolph keeps the short sword in sheath. I can't say that it's a long time, such as getting up in a dream.校, Vandalou has been taking a preliminary school every night.

The first dream was a dream to walk around the grassland. When I realized that I was aiming for a star that shines in the night sky, I realized that it is only a huge eyeball shining.

The next dream was a dream to continue to create a giant carbohydrate that plays on the opposite shore, alongside the large river that seems to be different from the sea.

The dream that I saw this morning was a dream playing with Kanako and other members on the stage. A full audience seat on a wonderful stage. It’s not like it, but it’s just a strange dream, so it’s time to enjoy such a dream. I realized that Randolph was enjoying his dream.

The spectator seats were mixed withコopus and crab. The flakes were danced by swaying the legs and手を。s that the tip shines according to the performance of the canako.

And towards the Randolph, the audience of the opposite shape crawls the stage, and the group comes. It was a nightmare.

What's it? When did I have a crustacean? Is that ammonite relative?

The most bizarre thing for Randolph was the dream of the content that only appears as a nightmare.

There is no fear now. There is no reason to feel that sleeping is becoming more than 100 million times.

Just remember the feelings that are similar to tedious odor and depression.

(When did you remember this feeling? I’m a young man, I’m an adventurer冒険ld’s yakiya, who has always told me that I would like to make a party or do something bad.) When I died)

I don’t know whether to remember the same feelings as that of my dream.

"...I'm sure you're tired because of Vandaloo's. Do you want to eat breakfast?

Randolph, who was born in the room of the school staff dormitory, had a sweat in the bathroom and had a good breakfast in the dining room.

The time goes back after Vandalu conducts special lessons to Elizabeth.

After defeating, the素材 material and magmaishi were sweetened by the words of Vandaloo and Heart Warrior, and the zona made only delicious parts and magmaishi, while Elizabeth brought back all the肉 meat and magmaishi together with Maheria.

This is also training, or it is said that it is divided into people.

The肉 meat was about 100 kilometers, but Elizabeth is not a preliminary school student living in Date. It is possible to carry back if it is about that.

We suggested whether Vandalou looked at what it looks like, or just kindness, “Do you help? Then, do you have meat left by our masters?”

In the proposal, I was honestly very heartfelt Elizabeth, but I didn’t care about it. Contact Us I didn’t want to show him where I live.

Orbaumザsabス and Maheria were disguised by Vandalu and Zona. I changed the hairstyle even if it was disguised, and I emphasized it by 織ing the s ing manto.

And the adventurer ルドld brought the肉 debate site and the magmaishi and the meat's割 discount. The adventurer card is a regular one with the name of Elizabeth and Maheria.

and head to a familiar meat shop with the rest of the meat. So, let's give half of the meat instead of the price, and let the remaining half of the meat be dried.

In addition, I bought a living necessities and ingredients with gold received by the adventurer ルドld and finally came home.

She lives in one of the corners of the Leem Sands House, who is out of the senior aristocratic world. It is a hut where the dog number hired before was sleeping. ......It is not a place where only the samurai woman's Maheria is a place where the decree of the dukes, Elizabeth stays.

Initially, Elizabeth lived with her mother in a good room in the house. However, when the flag color becomes worse due to the successor struggle, the mother's disease became worse and entered a specialized facility.

And the Count, who judged to be no longer the reversal, approached Elizabeth as he descended to Ludel, and she refused to shed a shed.

"I was able to return to the world with Vandaloo this night. It was heavy.

。 I don't have to work at night, so I can take a rest with my lady."

Two people go down and start preparing for a simple dinner. I bought a lot of ingredients, so it’s a little bullying this evening.

By the way, it is not something that is like night work. It is a work of the night that I was 斡ed by the adventurer ルドld.

It is a work that uses magecraft to wash dishes, wait s, dishes, and so on. In Elizabeth, the byte of garbage disposal that promotes the decomposition of garbage is relatively earned by the magecraft of life and soil attributes.

The assistance from the Prime Minister of Lime Sands has continued. It is too big to eat by ordinary people. However, in order to live the aristocratic deceased as a noble deceased, it is not enough.

Elizabeth must attend a party where the parents of the Counts and Mactodies will open as the decree of the Duchess of Saulon, who is the main character of the Count of Lime Sands.

Dresses and accessories Fortunately, when I escaped from the Duchess of Saulon, there were some things I had given to my mother, so I’m wearing it again, but it’s so expensive that the eyeballs will fly even if the maintenance costs alone.

Still, I can't hide the trendy delay, but how do I sell the dress that was given when the Count was still not known as the successor's struggle?

It is not possible to show the poor appearance even in the spare school, and it is not possible to cut the equipment. I have to show a good place for me.

If you notice it, the assistance from the Count disappears. That’s why we decided to cut out the cost of the part that we don’t have to show in other than the Maheria, who knows the situation in which we are placed.

We share the house that should be left by the user with Maheria, and sometimes the aristocratic can not bear very rough food.

The Count of Lime Sand seems to be unable to endure for several days, but Elizabeth is not the Duke of the Virgin. We will teach you how to walk around the world from your mother and your grandfather. ...... I was not good at it, so I struggled.

“I’ve helped him become a friend.” I've been convinced today, but he's more than us, he's the owner of more than us."

“I can’t say it.” The rumor was semi-suspicious, and I was surprised when the sevenオーク came out, but it is not normal to throw the眼眼眼眼s.

In other words,ザzaves seemed to be a member of him, but he couldn’t guess what he did.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. However, I didn’t feel like it...)

Let’s take a break. If you take care of him, it is the end. ......Even the Count of the Count, the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count, the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the , and the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the :

"Yes, it's surprising, my lady!"

If you are a con , you may be able to give up if you are using it for your brother who is not interested in yourself and your mother.

At least it will not be desperate to repair the body.

However, Elizabeth cannot do it. If you give up, you don’t know what your mother has been  cy. That’s why she doesn’t stop looking.

Then, I will return to the present.

Early morning in Elizabeth. I 。 up with the darkness and smear it.

"Good morning, lady"

“Where do you sleep?”

"The lady is sleeping. And she's getting up early. Please wash your face.

Herria washed the face with water made with water attribute magic, and she woke up perfectly. Herizabeth adjusts her body.

Let's go to the mother's舞 this time. He has to watch his special lessons, but he has to

“Let’s hear from me.”

And they are going to be a preliminary school. After school, the seven Elizabeths who added Vandalou were fighting with three walking giant ッシュs and became tears.

By the way, there were only one of the new members of Pauvina. And when I win while suffering, everyone other than Paulina cryed and gave a good哉.

Next story will be posted on July 9th.