Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 388: The Mad God and the Hidden God

On the ground, the wicked God of the remnants of the dyna  army, and the gods of the Vida family and the gods of the dyna。 are dying. Even if the gods of Alda power gather, it was inferior to win.

What is this?

“But I have unlocked a number of missing pieces of the soul of Gudulanis, which I had sealed, at the same time!”

"Please answer, Alda! "

Unlock the seal of the soul of the King Gudulanis. It was a big incident that I forgot to gather.

In the Dark Aberon case, multiple seals of the soul of Gudulanis are removed, and Gdulanis is revived incompletely. However, the main crime was Rodo Corte.

However, Alda says that they are the Lord of God. The shock they remember is not the previous proportion.

“Even if you are the wicked deities who follow the magical king, you have conquered the souls of Gudulanis to the gods of the Vida family! If you do this, you will not be able to end with the Vida family even if you defeat Vanderou!

Alda has told Gods who follow themselves when the world is protected by defeating Vanderou. However, there is no preaching that Vidas defeat other gods.

The existence of Gods is indispensable to maintain this world. Currently, only the gods of Alda power have succeeded in maintaining it. However, if the war of Alda and Vida was str ling over the past tens of thousands years ago, the power of God could not be enough to maintain this world.

However, the world is not destroyed at the next moment of maintenance and management, but it begins to destroy it gradually from the end, so it is 100 years earlier. However, it would be impossible to have enough new gods in about 100 years.

No, it is not possible to win Alda power in the battle of Gods.

The Gods of the Alda Force consume the power of the Amid Holy Kingdom for this Holy War. There is no doubt that the Holy War can survive. No, if you know that Alda embeds Gods in the souls of Gudulanis everywhere, you will see Alda except those who are in remote areas that do not contain information from some crazy people like Ayleek or outside.

Because the place where God has released is far away, it is about the Vanderouts that can be analyzed with the information of each region. Therefore, the Holy War is erroneous and erroneous, and the Alda believers in each region are not aware of what is happening.

However, if the time passes and the information is passed, people will understand that it is Alda, without the Vandalu, even the gods of the Vida family, the Magnolia.

The Gods who embedded the deficiencies of the souls of Gudulanis are only appearing in the place where Vandaloo’s power would exist, because in the Amidst。 country only appears on the head of the Vidal Magic Army and the Holy War.

As a result, the energy of faith is rapidly shortage, and it is expected that the power of the gods of the Alda forces falls. If you defeat the Vanderlus, the Vanderlust will be weakened again, but the influence is large.

In the  case, it is thought that people will be saddled to the gods of the Vida, from the disbelief of the Alda forces, who solving the seal of the soul of Gudulanis, and even defeating Vandalu, Alda forces will defeat the Vida.

"We and Vida will be a contest!"

“Is it going to burn the entire Baangaia continent not only inside the Boundary Mountains in this Holy War?”

"Alda, please answer!"

It was blocked by a sturdy gate, surrounded by the gods of Alda. In front of the gate, the “God of Innocence” Niltak stands silently.

"Nilterk Hall! Take a look at Arda! "

"Do you hear this thing in advance?"

He was originally an executive of Alda’s obedience, and after the “God of Records” Curatos disappeared, he was considered as the abdo。 of Alda.

There is Nine Road and “God of Ice” yupeon as the main thing, but Nine Road is attached to the “five-colored blades”, so it is not in the gods, and it is unknown where yupeon is.

For this reason, the gods of the Alda forces were noted in Niltak who appeared before their own.

"Unfortunately, I'm not clear of Alda's heart"

And in the words of Nirtark, Gods ex。ded the。king. Alda did not speak to Nirtark and 挙ed the seal of the soul of Gudulanis by herself.

Alda is in。 in what he wants to do.

“What should I stop Alda from now?”

“If you don’t want to pick up the situation! If Gudulanis revived again, the world may be destroyed now!”

And when Alda was thinking about anything else, he began to complain that part of God should prioritize the situation.

It is very correct. This is a measure by the deep con y of Alda, and even if you can defeat Vanderou, it is meaningful that there is a situation that the power of God of Alda forces drastically decreases in the process and that the world destroys.

I see. Your intention is not. Apparently, I have to fulfill the roles."

When Nirtark stated that he was serious, he thought he would go to Isah to fulfill his abdo。 role.

......

What?

However, Nirtark shakes his iconic Osama against the two pillars of God who sueed that he should stop Alda while hardening his expression.

The two pillars of the gods that can be broken down by the magma. One delay, the other gods descended behind with a mixed voice of fear.

What do you do?

Nilthak answered a lot to the gods questioning with scream and scream.

"I only blame my role and犯ned. What do you think?

Niltak is the God of Indemnity. God believes in death executors, revengeers, and winnings. He is a big skull who is behind. Death size is a symbol of indemnation and is also a god.

』

“What kind ofを did you罪?”

The effect is the subordinate compatibility of the “Pile of Law” and it can deprive the freedom of being damaged. Of course, you can’t kill your soul even if you can’t damage it.

“What do you say that it is a guilty that 罪ites against the actions of the Lord and ををs against the Holy War?”

What is 世界の?

“The conduct that contravenes Alda’s law is、 even if there is any reason.”

“Is Alda even trying to solve the seal of the King? ”

』

When Nirtarak said that, the Gods of the Alda forces were extinct. Niltak continues to talk to them.

"What is。, it is the law, and Alda is the God of the law. Alda is a。, not a。. “You cannot understand it?”

How many国s are different in each country. Even if the life of a man is deprived, there is a country where the 族prit is noble and the victim is not asked for light , and there is also a country that connects to the族 just by depriving the life of the 奴隷. Some countries are dead by simply stealing the horse, and some countries have to pay the money.

It is the law of determining what is to be punished by , and in this world it is the government to control the country.

Therefore, Niltak says that the law of God should be the Lord of God.

"I want to fulfill the roles of each individual. The two pillars will be lowered from Alda after the Holy War ends.

If you continue to protest with this, you will be treated as a food of a sickle. The gods of Alda are away from the Gods of Alda.

"What is this far?"

"Do we have an opportunity?"

To protect the world by defeating Vandalou, it is possible to bleach the world at risk. Alda’s thoughts are distorted so that they don’t notice such a conflict. It was too late that they noticed.

However, after the door guarded by Nirtark, Alda looked at the ground while he was regretted.

“Is it much better to eat to the Devil’s Remains Party and the Gods of the Vida family who embedded the deficiency of the soul of Gudulanis...”

In Alda’s calculation, Vanderou does not move from the home of Talosムme, and the power of the battles across the region will be nailed on the spot. Heinz had to dive deep inside the boundary by Nine Road.

However, Vandaloo moved from Tarosム. There are no followers on the site, so I didn’t know the details, but “The Goddess of Regeneration” Ljuzemazela is released from the missing pieces of the souls of Gduranis who he was para。. The only thing you can do is Vandaloo.

And Vandalu is more powerful than expected, and he is fighting more than God and each other. However, it is unexpected for Alda. Inconvenient is that the “five-colored blades” of the wings don’t go to tarosム quickly.

They are walking as if they are walking. Because it is protected by the wind of Nine Road now, it should not be reflected not only the magic, but also the eyes of Vandalu himself and the witch.

“What’s the thing you’re doing?”

In his compassion, Heinz, who defeated Vandalu, leveled up and got even more powerful, had to seal Gudulanis again.

If only one piece of soul is missing, it is not a threat of the Gudulanis that previously revived. For the undertakings of Vanderou, you should keep the gaps of the soul of Gudulanis on the spot until the Heinz defeats Vanderou. Finally, if you die as it is, it is more convenient.

Heinz, who re-enclosed the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis, was supposed to lead the humanity who survived as a new生き in conjunction with the討s of Vanderou.

“What do you think? Is it waiting for Vandaloo to defeat Gods and to eat all the missing pieces of Gudulanis’ souls?”

Arda had also assumed that Vandalieu would eat some of Guduranis's soul fragments. Even on that basis, he thought Heinz had a good chance of winning. However, the story is different when Vandalieu is the one who has eaten all the soul fragments.

``Are you confident of winning? To Vandalieu, who has eaten almost all of Guduranis.''

Even Alda, who is not aware of it but is trapped in madness, cannot believe in Heinz and Bellwood that much. However, there are only a few moves left for him to make.

There are still seals of the evil gods of the remnants of the Demon King's army and the gods of the Vida faction, but there is no point in simply releasing them. If it's the remnants of the Demon King's army, there is a high possibility that they will flee if there is room for them to do so. If they were gods of the Vida faction, they would try to join up with Vida first.

Because they have no reason to stay and fight.

As expected, in order to turn the sealed gods into discarded stones, a fragment of Guduranis's soul must be embedded. However, there are two remaining pieces of Guduranis' soul. [Reason] and [Wisdom]. However, even he can now understand that it is dangerous to let these two go.

And the most powerful of the remaining evil gods is Jarodipus, the ``evil god of sin chains.'' The anecdote of his trade with Bellwood gave him the power of faith, awe.

However, Alda decided that releasing him would be more dangerous than [reason] and [wisdom]. He is an evil god who has endured the [Pile of Law] for tens of thousands of years. With that mental power, there is a possibility that he will suppress the fragments of Guduranis's soul and use his divine power to put Bellwood to sleep again.

Even if I use another evil god... Evil gods and demigods have bodies, so it doesn't matter if they are implanted with fragments of their bodies. However, unfortunately, there are no body fragment seals in the divine realm.

"When it finally comes...I have no choice but to get off myself."

At that time, the conflict between the gods was intensifying in a certain place on earth.

“Goooooooooooo! ”

“Higyaaaaaaaaaa! ”

『■■■■■■■■■■！』

Giant bodies collide, roars explode, and explosions cascade. The earth splits, mountains collapse, and lakes split.

“Goooooo! Gaaaaaa! Gluaaaaa! ”

The thing that was roaring in a chaotic manner was a huge bear. Urgus is the ``bear beast king'' of the Vida faction. Perhaps because it has been implanted with Guduranis' [deception], it goes crazy, but in order to show itself strong, it stands up on its hind legs and swings its front legs around.

“Hiiiiiii! Gearaaaaaaaa! ”

The true giant with brown skin who keeps screaming out a roar-like scream is the ``Desert Giant'' Bazarraza. Because he was imbued with the [fear] of Guduranis, he loses his reason and goes on a rampage due to frenzy and fear.

『■■■！　■■■！！』

And the one who roars with a sound that cannot be heard by the beings of this world and fights the two demigods mentioned above is Zantark, the ``God of Fire and Destruction''. He is so enraged by the outrageous act committed by Alda that his rationality is on the verge of disappearing.

“Zantark! It'll calm down! ”

"Yamahi Ryujin" Tiamat rushes over and stops Zantark. She also feels intense anger towards Alda, who has embedded pieces of Guduranis's soul into the gods of the Vida faction.

However, Zantark's violent behavior became too violent and he had no choice but to take on the role of placating him. The battlefield is far enough away from the only city on the Demon Continent, but at the same time, it's outside the pseudo-sanctuary where Zantark usually resides...

Aside from being a demigod with a body like Tiamat, Zantark is a great god. It must consume a large amount of energy to act on the ground, which is contaminated with magic essence and has a different environment than the age of the gods.

Since Zantark has acquired something like a physical body by absorbing and fusing two evil gods that appeared from another world, the amount of energy he needs is probably much lower than the amount he would normally consume, but it should still be no small amount.

“Tiamat, ■■■―!　■■■■,■■■! ? ■■■! ! ”

“So why don’t you just calm down! ? Please! ”

Unfortunately, however, she had difficulty communicating with Zantark. We've known each other for a long time since he became like that, so it's not like Tiamat doesn't understand Zantark's words at all. However, I can't hear you unless you speak slowly and calmly.

However, Zantark should understand Tiamat's words. However, there is no sign of stopping the fight. While deliberately making large movements to attract the attention of Urgus and Bazarraza, he was scattering red-black flame bullets and waving his fists wrapped in a black aura.

When this happened, Tiamat was unsure whether she should join the fight and end it as quickly as possible.

However, the mountain of ice that was towering in front of her suddenly shattered.

“Ugh! Tiamat, if you have free time, lend me your help! ”

The one who broke the mountain and appeared was the ``Moon Giant'' Diana. It was beautiful to see her wearing the gigantic transformation equipment she received from Vandalieu, covered in ice shards that reflected sparkling light, but no one had the luxury of being aware of it.

“Kill me! Please hurry while I still have the time! ”

This is because the god who blew Diana away and smashed her into a mountain of ice, destroying her, the ``Evil God of All Eyes'', Gyudědědzu, appeared. At first glance, it resembles a giant frog, but its entire body...the back of its head, back, elbows, knees, and even the tips of its fingers have a strange appearance with countless eyes.

However, as he is pleading to be killed quickly, he is a god who converted from the Demon King's army to Vida's faction, just like Fidirg. Moreover, it somewhat resembles the shape of Vandalieu's soul. Although he doesn't have the power of the [Abyss].

``It's not like I have free time! Why can't the master control him? ? ”

“Damn, I don’t care about my face, but I can’t defeat you! You'll understand! ? ”

And since it is normally an ally, it cannot be defeated. As a result of defeating him, if Gyudědědz's consciousness is swallowed up by the fragments of Guduranis's soul, he will be unable to help him.

“Can’t you restrain me with magic? ? ”

“I tried, but it was avoided! ”

Gyuddjedzu is an evil god who is said to possess all the evil eyes except for the [Demon King's Evil Eye]. This includes a demonic eye that can see the flow of magical power. Therefore, even if you try to cast magic on him, it will be evaded immediately. If you try to use magic that cannot be avoided, it will even sense it and activate a counter magic.

Everything is not Gyudědědz's will, but because he is being manipulated by the soul fragment of Gduranis that is parasitic on him. However, the reaction rate is gradually increasing. Gyudědědz is being taken over.

``Hurry up, you Toshima Shikome guys! ”

"...Are you purposely trying to make the concubines angry and make them kill you?"

``It's a strange thing. I need you to take back those words after I help you.''

Although the two goddesses understand Gyudědědzu's intentions, they still stand by their side. If Rachi cannot be revealed through magic, she tries to subdue him with hand-to-hand combat, but at that moment, Zantark moves.

『■■■■■―！！』

As they crushed the ground, they approached the gods who were running wild.

“Goo! ? ”

“Gah! ”

Pushing Urgus and Bazaaraza, they dared to ram Gyudědědzu.

However, due to the size of his movements, he tries to evade the soul fragment of Guduranis that has become parasitic on him.

“It’s moving! ”

However, Gyudědědzu, who resisted Guduranis' control, managed to petrify his own body with the [Petrification Evil Eye].

As a result, Zantark's ramming hit, and Gyudědżyuz's petrified forelegs were shattered.

“Tiamat, Diana, please follow me! Protect the city! ”

Then, it turned its body into flames while reaching for the three rampaging gods.

``What! Wait, Zantark!　Are you planning to seal them away yourself? ? ”

Zantark's intention when he came forward was exactly what Diana had shouted. In order to seal away Urgus and the others, forcibly halt their activities, and prevent them from being further eroded by Guduranis's soul fragments.

Zantark's power is so great that it cannot be precisely controlled, and if he fights outside of this Demon Continent, he will involve nearby humans and towns. Therefore, to lighten Vandalieu's burden, he uses himself to seal away the gods of Vida's faction, in order to leave Diana, Tiamat, and others who can fight while protecting the city near the city of the Demon Continent.

『■■■■■■■■■■■■……■■■■■■■■■■■■、■■■■■■！　■■■■■■！　■■■■■■』

(If this were just the remnants of the Demon King's army, I would have just been able to just crush it... Alda's stupid brother, that's a brilliant tactic. I'll never forget this anger! Vandalieu, I'm sorry for leaving you in charge of dealing with Alda's stupid brother! Please come and break the seal later.)

Leaving behind such a cry, Zantark turned into a gigantic obsidian and sealed away the three Vida sect gods.

Meanwhile, at that time, there was a god who was trying to stop the gods from running out of control, just like Zantark.

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! ! ”

The name of the out-of-control god is Dharmatark, the ``god of purifying flame.'' We are in the sky above the Pilchkov Dukedom.

“Nuaaaaa!　Oooooooo! ”

Even though he lost consciousness more than half of the time, he was actively increasing his own flame in an attempt to reject the [Guduranis evil energy] that had been embedded in him. The problem is that each time he does that, he consumes a large amount of his own power, and even just grazing it releases flames so hot that a human's entire body would be charred.

Normally, Dharmatark's flame is a purifying flame that is only effective against undead, but the nature of the flame has changed due to the parasitic [evil energy].

Alda probably wanted to rain Dharmatark over Vandalieu's allies who were deployed in Hartner Dukedom or Birgitte Dukedom while the purifying flame remained unchanged.

However, this was prevented due to the fact that Dermatark himself resisted despite being confused, and as a result changed its trajectory on the way to the ground and came over the Piltschkov Duchy's territory, and the influence of the [evil energy] implanted by Alda himself. ...This is an unfortunate stray bullet for the people of Pilchkov Dukedom.

『ＫＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯ！』

The person who flaps his wings and manipulates the wind to prevent the Dharmatark's flames from falling to the ground is the ``Bird Beast King'' Lafaz. If he, the king of all birds, puts his mind to it, it won't take long for him to fly from the Demon Continent to the Burn Gaia Continent.

However, it won't last long because he is seriously trying his best.

That's why a certain god swiftly seals Dharmatark away.

“Aaaaaaaaa! ? Well done to you! ”

Dharmatark noticed his appearance and spoke meaningful words for the first time.

“Sorry, it’s my fault, but please bear with me! ”

The opponent was Farmaun Gordo, one of the heroes of the Alda faction who attacked Dharmatark and the gods of the Vida sect more than 100,000 years ago.

“You aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! ”

The flame that had been burning to resist the [evil energy] was released to attack Farmaun. However, fire has little effect on Farmaun, who is a god of fire attributes.

``There's no reason to waste time on that! ”

Farmaun leapt at Dharmatark from above, breaking through the flames he shot and using herself to seal him away.

As I said, I couldn't afford to waste my time.

This is to help Dermatark, he himself has a limited amount of time to work on the ground, and above all, he doesn't want humans to see Farmaun active.

Farmaun, the hero chosen by Zantark and the founder of the adventurer's guild, is a Vida sect god who is known to have converted to the Vida sect 50,000 years ago in the Vidal Demon Empire.

However, in human society, including the Piltchikov Duchy, he is recognized as the god of the Alda force.

If Farmaun is active, and if he is seen fighting Dharmatark, who was supposed to be sealed as a god of the Vida faction, the people on the ground will realize that the god of the Vida faction, who for some reason escaped from the seal, is rampaging, and the hero Farmaun, who has become the god of the Alda faction, has come to seal it away.

(That's why I wasn't supposed to be active in this holy war.)

“Ruffaz, please do the rest! Please trick me! ”

Farmaun entrusted Lafaz with the task, and succeeded in sealing him away by changing his form into a jewel that imprisoned Dharmatark.

“Quaaaaaaaaa! ”

In response, Lafazz took the orb in his beak and flew away, flapping his wings so that even the humans on the ground could see them, tracing Vida's holy symbol in a trajectory before flying away.

The next story will be posted on September 23rd.