Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 341: I'm not here to fight, but I don't care if we end up killing each other.

By Vanderlou, the appearance and size are astonished, but the nezmi and theプ mouse were added to the Braga to explore the Orbaum Royal Castle.

The Impmouses were familiar with all the underlying and underneath the castle, and they searched for hidden passages and hidden rooms that were prepared for attacking the enemy country.

The 能s that became a magical thing, and the horrible  s (cats, etc.) and fatal poisons (cats, etc.) were also scared, they found the seals and [fittings] of [the 片s of the  s] which were hidden by Terkatanis.

Due to its resilience, the tubular ORIHARUCON was not left at all. However, it was clear to Vanderou that there was no [the 片fact of the Devil] inside.

Now, Urugen Terkatanis came to be decisive to explain something using [The Fuki of the Devil]. It is a solid fact that he had collected [the missing of the Devil] from the temple, etc. independently. The seals that have become empty are in front of the eyes of other nobles, and if you ask for a description of the circumstances, Urugen Terkatanis loses. You will be able to hit the neck if you are immediately connected to the相.

However, I don’t know the place of the black curtain that操s the Terkatanis behind.

The black curtain ... The hand of the "Horaijin" Alda, it is difficult to think of the seal, even if it only collects and hides the "片ky of the King". However, I don’t know where the sixth road is.

We are searching for all of the city and surrounding areas of Orbaum, but there is no reason at this time.

I thought that there was no surrender in the town or the Duchess other than the Orbaum, but it is hard to think.

At this time, the humans of the "Ramda" world using six roads are only one of Terkatanis. It will be difficult to keep infiltrating without leaving traces. If you are using a piece of magical king in any way,

In addition, he should prepare a samurai made by the King of the Devils in Telcatanis, so he should certainly exist in the Royal Castle until that.

After that, Vandalou is looking for the royal castle, and at that time there is a spiritual monitoring net in the city of Orbaum. There should be no escaping in normal means.

However, when I didn’t know the clue, I was in June.

“I’ll have to postpone my birthday party”

Vanderou, born in June, said in a room of Silky Zaccart Mansion.

"I'm happy without anyone, bo-chan"

“Vandaloo, because Nuasa wanted to announce the theme park plan according to his birthday...”

It is not a theme park. Slaughter facility to compliment me with the skin of the theme park"

The Great Temple of Talosムme is planned by the chief priest of the Temple of Vida and the construction plan is progressing.

The statue of Borgadon, the god of the mountain of the Arkurem, is also being introduced, as well as the gods of the Vida family and the Povas of the Gartland who joined the new Vida family.

In addition, there is also an introduction section of the Kingdom of Orbaum, the continent of Magic, the continent of Magic, and the galtland, and you can expect to deepen the teaching and help promote future exchanges.

Shops,台lls, restaurants and food courts are also available. In addition, there is a stage in the facility. You can also perform events such as concerts andショー shows.

There is no element to compliment Vandalou.

"Vandaloo Coaster is interesting. Is it possible to turn on a model that shows the history of Vanderlus and Vidal Magic Empire in order?

"We are also coming out."

Home Well, certainly shining smell"

Vandaloo Coaster (tentative name) is a type of rider.

It is anアトラクション that you can know while looking at the model that expresses the scene of Vanderou's 動ent life rather than saying the Vidal Magic Empire on the left and right of the passage.

It is a killing facility to kill him, feared by Vandalou.

"Vandalu, I think that I can't say to compliment. It explains the facts without coloring them as it is."

"But it seems to be a little simplification, but it is not a way to do it. My husband's life is high

Eleonola and Belmond are also praised for the Grand Prison Project.

“I’m sure, but I’m still complimented.”

The life of Vandalu was written in detail in Nuasa’s plan. There are also scripts of explanations by models and audio (lo ) to explain it.

We interviewed Vandalu himself and related parties and consulted with craftsmen who make models.

However, it seems that Vandaloo was too much to be told to overcome, and it was only to be complimented by Vandaloo himself.

"Bang-chan, it's no way to do it. Truth

"Institute report, self-esteem." Please give up!

"I would like to evaluate the point that the shape of the vehicle is imitating the loading platform for the horse."

“Is it okay to say anything from me?”

It was the Artサー of “Heart Warrior” who was advocated by Bashas, the goddess of rain clouds, a strong giant that seemed to be silent and angry.

He looked at Vanderou and said.

“Is it a murder facility not a slaughter facility if you are the subject to compliment?”

The people around me, who looked at what they were going to say, thought about him.

“I see, that’s right. Art」

And I was even more grateful to the Vanderlus answer.

It seems that the Artサー was a high point for him to say that it was a “person” facility.

I think that this mascot character should be conf。. Vagby and Vancer are absolutely immersed. Crying away from the van devotees

Canako is the mascot character of the Great Temple written in the planning book ... Vagby, the shape of which several生 legs were born from the cutting surface of the giant head of Vandalu, and Vansa who created the crab scissors and legs on the side of the head of Vandalu.

By the way, Vagby is an abbreviation of Vanderou's birth and a bug. And the vancer is also a vandaloo and crab.

If you can only wear the head of Vandalou on the wizard of蟹s and crabs, please write the plan.

“Is it right? I heard that I saw this kind of figure with a dream, so I thought I could not do it.”

"Why do you like it? It's a feeling of being a human being thin!"

"Please stop the word because it is subtle."

Vanderlust, without force. The floor of the Silky Zaccart Mansion is always polished, because sometimes Vandalou falls.

"Vandalou"

Elizabeth asked him to grab the shoulders of Vandalou.

“Is it still effective to announce my mother at birthday parties?”

Vandaloo, the mother of Elizabeth, who is thinking of Vandaloo as his husband, is planning to officially announce the engagement with Amelia Saulon.

However, due to this official announcement, it is expected to be married with other婚s and the appearance of new婚s. That’s why Elizabeth remembered whether Vandalou is going to make it swell.

"Of course." “I’ve had the roots to the person who was already the Lord, and I’ve made a 本ezon, and I’ve also made a commemorative portrait of Amelia, a dress that I wear in a ceremony, a variant for a battle, and a labeling plan.”

"... I want to say that the second half of the two are good. So, is it enough to deal with Terkatanis and six-way people? What is the postponement?

"Yes, I have a variety of other than information gathering. How to create a dungeon that is similar to the city of Orbaum to make a battlefield, and dungeon to evacuate in the opposite direction?

Previously, when fighting the original vampire vampire in the city of Moxie, the trade city of the Duchess of Alcrem, and the underarm... Vandaloo was preparing to do the same thing with it. Because the scale is different between Moxie and Orbaum, accuracy is quite slow.

The dungeon is a dungeon to evacuate the people of Orbaum, not enemies. Of course, there is no need for people to escape in dungeons that aren’t affected by pre-evacuation training. However, people living in a human society do not normally think about evacuation shelters when dungeons are called.

dungeon is a dangerous zone for people.

There is no idea because it does not use dungeon as a shelter or food supply as well as a living space like inside the boundary mountains.

Vandalou had to go to Guul and Zanar Padna.

So, if Gwhadghan andーン Du are spatial attribute magecraft, it is planned to [transform] people who escape with limited dead attribute magecraft. With the power of cooperators of the Duchess of Alcム and the Duchess of Jahan.

It is a strategy that connects the cooperatives to the inside of the dungeon, which leads the people who have "evacuation shelter" to the entrance of the "evacuation shelter".

Of course, it is possible to have enough time to conduct evacuation, but in that case, it is only possible to take dungeon and vandaloo into the world in the body or move the battlefield outside the city.

“How about speaking to Dr. Dandrip and asking for cooperation?” The principal of the school is better than the aristocratic family.

Is it good to be a master of Taymarルドld?

Elizabeth says that it is likely to刻 the wrinkles between the eyebr。 if we hear. It should be very serious than you do not know because of the situation. With that, Orlock will be denied by the full force, "No, it's only a work relationship" in the word "good friend".

"Yes. It may be better to talk to the teachers. In particular, Dr. Dandrip is quite 利al. Perhaps the strongest of Orbaum is Dr. Dandrip if we are out of our or sixth time now."

"Yes, that man ... I'm going to be a pretty army. It’s not a class adventurer.

Even if you look from the eyes of Eleonola, who went on to practice as a subtle of Vandalou, the power of the dandrip was high.

The name of the dandrip is not affected by the adventurer ルドld.

“I’m not sure if I come out with ‘believe’ Randolph”

“...I think you’re here. “True” Randolph

Since there were no traces that were hired by Terkatanis, Vanderou left about “definite” Randolph. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

If you find it, it is not limited to allies, and if you just want to move the base with a sense of crisis for Vandaloo people who search for yourself, you can choose to pair it here, and you will rush the bush snake.

In addition, Arkurem and Jahhan were contacted through this website, but it was not contacted, and it was confirmed that he had received a long-term request.

"After that, I have no problem if I know the place of the sixth road ... but I finally came.  

“What’s the guy?”

"No, I'm aギ."

......

“Kanako, Idols are coming out of mouth”

"It's a private thing now. Not in front of the fan. In addition, if you show a glimpse of the face that you do not usually show, the distance of your mind is approaching."

"No, I think the distance is not too short!"

"If the distance with Bo-chan is approaching, Vidal Magic Empire is a magnificent word."

"Kanako, I'll keep my heart away for my country."

っ

“It’s good! How do you do that?

Vandalu answered Elizabeth, who was back to the story.

I sent a messenger to the "five-colored blade". That's it. There is a low possibility that cedars and honeys are paired with the sixth road than Rodcorte is working with Arda.

“Well, don’t you send it? Well, there’s an impression that the s will end in wasted.”

The word of Kanako says, “I’m the same,” and Vandalu answered.

“Asagiri people come to Orbaum is theスポンサー of the Duchess of Burgit. I don't have to do it even when I'm moving, so I'm sending another person.

As a result of the opportunity to express the significance of the study, the reincarnation of Asagiri and Tendou, and Shoko, as a research collaborator of Dwarf Zean, was headed to the city of Orbaum.

It is a heavy journey as a ginger of Tendo and Ifreta of Senri-Ophthalmology. However, it is not possible to break down because there is no strong mouth against the lord of Billyt.

In addition, if you are talking about the whole Kingdom of Orbaum, you can not do anything.

That’s why they’re traveling to Orbaum on a horse carriage prepared by the Bargit with Zean. And now, I had to share opinions in a separate room from Zean inn.

“But what is Vandaloo going to do with the predecessor? Isn’t it going to move the kingdom of choice and confront with the Amid Empire?”

And the Asagi of [Magemasher] came to mind that Vandalu is working with the Terkatanis.

However, he was en d by the official "Vandalu = [The Flaws of the King]" in him.

Even if it was an incident that had ever been 暴ent, such as the sacrifice who was parasitic, it is not the previous generation to try to deploy the sacrifice made of [Mae no片] to the shogun. That’s right.

“No, I’m not sure what I’ve done.”

“I think that the wicked God of the Devil’s residual party is pulling the thread...I think it will stop.”

“In addition, it may be possible that the predecessor is the owner of a dangerous idea, and it may only be independent.”

Tendou and shoko are also suspected of Vanderou’s involvement in the inner mind, but there were other possibilities.

“There may be six ways to do that.”

"... Six ways?" It may be possible to have a person.

Asagiri people had no idea what they were doing and what they were doing.

That’s because Rodo Corte did not send information to them or to Mao who is away from the Bahngaia continent. I didn’t think that they would leak information to Vanderou, but I had a fear of talking to God’s followers such as [five-colored blade] I met a while ago.

In Rodocolte, where you can’t understand how much you are, you can embed the missing pieces of the soul of the king into the soul of the sixth way, and if you hear Alda, you will be angry.

Rather than 怒ently, it is also possible to command a honeymoon to attack the six-way holy over Vandalu. Vanderou does not destroy the lambda, but it is natural that the magical Gudulanis destroys the lambda.

In some cases, there will be no temporary conflict with Vandaloos. ......It’s very important to accept Vandalou.

So Rodo Corte did not teach anything to Asagi. ......When the sixth road died, I did not come up with the use of [the deficiency of the King of the Devil], so "The sixth sacrifices acquired the dead attribute magic, but it was killed by Vandalu in the world of origin," but it was reported by the sacrifices of your use.

"However, even if the six-way people master the magecraft, it is difficult to think that the mage of the mage can be treated like Vanderou. I don’t think that? Of course, it’s not a eaves of six times.”

For Asagiri, Rokudo Sei was once a fellow, but now it is a bad thing that tries to make a big disaster around the world.

And the death attributes that were able to perform a non-road human body experiment to many people, which made him crazy about the sixth saint, were renewed the belief that it is important in this world.

However, Tendou and gingko also agreed to whether Rokudo Sei could treat [Witch King's Flaw] like Vanderou.

However, there were other objections.

“But as Vandaloo was involved in this issue... Is it a goal? You can see how to draw the mate of Terkatanis. I don’t know how to do it, but if I can, I will be able to expand the power of the entire Kingdom of choice.”

"But I'm talking about whether you need to adopt the arms made by the Mage King. If you can realize it, you can strengthen the military power to the Amid Empire, but it is visible that it takes time to realize it ... I think that it is necessary to fight the Amid Empire using the army of the Orbaum Kingdom so far.

“Vandaloo’s兵士 soldiers can easily compete if they are made in a group of stone goムs. In the first place, if you’re looking at the power of fighting, you can wipe out the same soldiers as the Knights. It is less likely that it is faster than making samurai and 具buting to the kingdom army.

Is it helpful to explain the things that you are outside the window?

In the previous world, Tendo, whose codename was named "Chiri Eye", had multipleーs for seeing. The ability to permeability is also used to correct the status system after changing to "Ramda".

The eyes of Tendou captured the appearance of a black man outside the window. I think it’s a killer or a 棒ef, and I’m capturing it without saying it. I noticed that the man is wearing an envel。 that says “From Vanderou” in his nostalgia, and he waited to come close.

"...I can not explain"

The black man said outside when opening the window.

"For more information, write to the letter"

“Are you a member of Vandaloo?”

。 I live to compensate for奉仕.

“I’m a professional assassin who sees what I’m doing?”

"It's a former killer." Likelihoods can be killed if they are ordered to him, but there is a reason for me to hear.

In other words, the man of the former killer took out a large envel。 with the name of Vanderou and the devotees from the nostalgia, and throwed to the tendoes in the room.

“My mission is to pass that letter.” “I want to read and judge it.”

“Want to wait! You said to compensate for、, but do you think that you will be compensated by following Vanderou?”

To a man who is trying to adapt himself, he answered the question that Asagi asked him.

"Asagi Minami ... I have a different idea before"

The eyes seen from the surface of the cover were vanished.

"I was ラムipped with orphans of slam, and was given medicine to assassin for the organization..." I think it’s  and I’m trying to compensate for repentance.”

“What’s it?”

Asagiri is confessed by a man, the words of a fearless misconduct and the fact that he commits it more than I imagined, and the fist is shaken.

However, when a man removes the mask and opens his mouth, he changed his face color.

“I’m償ing because I’m on the side of it.” Since you have committed to行い and defining it, you will walk the path to the compensation that you show.

I don’t know that I’m a doll. The person who is not a doll in the organization does not have any other form, so it is not possible to give instructions other than that person."

The face of a man who took off the cover was more young than the ギs imagined.

After showing the face, after the man who changed his body again, shoko picked up the letter silently behind the cedar standing.

The person behind Tel Katanis is not me. Also, it is written that the mastermind is probably the Six Paths Saint, and if they still get in their way, they will be eliminated as enemies. However, if possible, I would like them to not interfere with each other. It contained information and warnings.

There was also a note at the end stating that if the person who carried this letter was harmed, it would be considered as an act of hostility.

At Edgar's suggestion, Heinz, the Five-Colored Blade, Selen, and several collaborators left Fazon Duchy's Dungeon of Trials of Alda and headed for Orbaum.

This was in response to an unprecedented situation in which the Prime Minister proposed officially equipping the army with weapons made from [Demon King's Fragments].

They were as wary of Vandalieu's attacks as Vandalieu and the gods of the Vida faction were wary of themselves.

Even Heinz, who has gained Bellwood's power, might be easily killed if he is caught by surprise. The sense of crisis was so great that the journey, which would normally be without any danger, felt incredibly long.

“…Who is there!?”

That's why I was able to notice someone hiding behind the scene.

“Did you find out?”

When a flat voice rang out, a part of the grassland beside the road they were traveling on suddenly moved.

“A monster!?”

“It was disguised as a grassland!”

What appeared was a giant crab-like being. It camouflaged itself by growing grass on its back and hiding its exoskeleton-covered legs and pincers under its body.

The cooperating A-class adventurer party drew their swords and chanted a spell to fight the monster.

"Wait!"

However, Heinz stopped it. Then, in front of the surprised collaborators and party companions, I spoke to the crab-like being.

“What purpose did you show up for? I don’t think it’s about killing each other, though?”

“I came to convey a message. However, I don't really care if we end up killing each other.''

A crab-like being... The Familiar King answered Heinz's question without even trying to hide the hatred in his eyes.

The next episode will be posted on November 4th.