Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short story 50: Reincarnated people colliding with each other

Obtaining information from the brain of [Balor] Johnny Yamaoka, Bander rolled his eyes and crushed his neck, piercing his heart with his claws just in case, and threw him away. Then, using the rubble that was the entrance to the Amemiya residence and the remains of the golem, they quickly bury the corpse.

I also checked to see if there were any corpses lying around within the visible range, and used the magic of [deodorization] to eliminate the smell of blood and gunpowder before opening the pocket.

"Phaaah! I was surprised... Wow! The house is in a mess!"

"Hahii, hahii, I don't like it, I don't want to go out..."

Hiroshi was the first to come out and screamed at the devastation of his home. Ulrika was sobbing while clinging to Bandar's torso. Apparently, the heavy gunfire triggered her trauma.

"Okay, okay, it's okay. Don't worry."

And Mei is soothing Ulrika.

``I made you push yourself too hard. Thank you, Ulrika. Hiroshi, your room should be safe, so if there's anything you want to take with you, let's take it.''

While saying that, Bander removes the claw from his left hand and throws it somewhere with his right hand. I repeated that over and over again.

"Eh, okay? At times like this, don't you usually leave things you don't need behind?"

``I won't say that. Be it games, plastic models, stuffed animals, or your favorite clothes, bring all of them with you.''

"Understood! I'll bring it right away... By the way, what have you been doing for a while now? The enemy isn't here anymore, right?"

“Yeah, he’s gone.”

Bander nodded at Hiroshi's words after confirming that the sniper who was aiming at him with the tip of his claw and the enemy who had kidnapped and imprisoned the nearby residents had lost their vital signs.

And while Hiroshi is packing, he tells Ulrika about the information Johnny had and they have a meeting about what's to come.

"First of all, I can't hide anymore."

Ulrika regained her composure and looked at the screen of her mobile device while saying this. There, a video of a bander brutally murdering Johnny Yamaoka was posted on a posting site.

It seems that the photo was taken by a passerby who noticed the noise, or by a neighbor who was unable to be restrained by Johnny and his friends.

Now that I think about it, I feel like I can hear the sound of sirens from far away.

``Even if Bandar disappears, the police will still be able to take us into custody under the pretext of 'protection.' There will probably be Rokudou collaborators in this country's government as well. I will be separated from Mei and Hiroshi, and during that time they will try to kidnap them.

　Rokudou must be panicking since he did something so flashy. They’re not going to take the time.”

『Besides, the other reincarnated people are in danger. If you wait for your father to defeat Rokudou, you'll probably have to sacrifice more.''

The information obtained from Johnny Yamaoka did not include any information that would be fatal to him, such as whether he was researching the death-attribute magic of the Six Paths. However, at the same time as this operation, it was revealed that they were planning to eliminate Hiroto Amemiya, Joseph, other [Bravers] executives, and people who were inconvenient for Rokudou.

``That's why I'm going to help you...I think Mari and Joseph will be fine.''

"Amemiya...?"

"He won't die anyway, so there's no need for me to save him."

Bandar knew that ``Pluto'', who was currently controlling the Divine Personality of Origin, would give divine protection to Hiroto Amamiya in order to stop the Six Paths Holy. In that case, I should be able to deal with traps.

Moreover, the reincarnated people who are with Amemiya are different from Joseph and Ulrika, they are just people who were in the same class and school on ``Earth''.

There is no reason to actively help or want to help.

I'm worried that they might collide with Mari and harm her... but I'm sure they'll do well.

“Then, are you still going to help Joseph and the others?”

“No, Joseph and the others are fine. The ones most in danger are Mae-kun's mothers, so let's go there.''

"Let's go to mom's place!"

"I understand! But how... it would take too long for a passenger plane to go from here to Africa. Even a fighter plane wouldn't be able to make it in time unless it was hijacked..."

``Ulrika, humans have two legs. And here is the black car that Johnny and the others drove in, and I... have wings.''

A black fur cloak... its membrane spread and transformed into large wings. At this moment, Ulrika, who was actually afraid of heights, burst into tears, Mei let out a cheer as she felt like she was flying in the air for the first time, and Hiroshi, who had randomly packed clothes for Mei and his parents from home into his travel bag, rolled his eyes.

Then, the general public who continued to take pictures while remaining hidden in the surrounding area assumed that Bander was a demon from hell or something.

And when the police arrived at the Amemiya residence, the banders and the car were gone.

The leader of the Bravers, Hiroto Amemiya, heads to a town in the Middle East that has been ruined by a conflict with his friends.

The original purpose was to secure a hidden terrorist group, but during the trip, it was discovered that the terrorists had attacked a school and abducted more than a dozen students.

The purpose of the mission was suddenly changed to rescuing the abducted students.

Half of that terrorist group is disposable mercenaries. The other half are highly trained elites and subjects who can use the same limited death-attribute magic as the ``Eighth Guidance'' created during the research process. And among the real students who are hostages is Mari Shihoin, who has been assigned a new code name, ``Metamor''... ``Black Maria.''

In addition, some of the reincarnated people who sided with the Six Paths side were infiltrated.

It's truly an ironclad formation. No matter how strong Hiroto Amemiya is in the Bravers, he won't be able to survive. Even if a miracle were to happen, I wouldn't be able to escape unscathed.

[Druid] Joseph Smith, who seems to have come into contact with something unknown lurking in the Amemiya mansion, is heading to South America by plane to escort a leader of a criminal organization. Several members of the [Bravers] who are thought to have come into contact with him are also with him.

Then, we plan to have an accident where the entire plane explodes. By a missile fired from a fighter jet piloted by a reincarnated person from the Six Paths side.

[Angel] Narumi Amemiya is involved in relief efforts after the earthquake that occurred in Africa. This earthquake was not engineered by the Six Paths, it was just a natural disaster...but they were able to make good use of it. Other rescue teams and local government forces protecting them attack the mercenaries disguised as local armed groups. Then, depending on the timing, I plan to have the experimental subjects and reincarnated people on this side finish them off.

"It's perfect. Rokudou-san's trust and track record over the years have borne fruit like this."

While saying this, [Shaman] Moriya was enjoying himself in the headquarters of the Rokudou headquarters.

Rokudou, which has brought in even big names in the political and business circles of various countries and criminal organizations, has the premise that ``it doesn't matter if it turns out later'', but there is nothing it can't do.

It's as simple as manipulating information to stage a terrorist group's attack on a school and abduction of students, flying fighter jets and firing missiles at convoy planes, and carrying out sabotage operations in various locations.

Even if Amemiya and the others saw the madness shown by the Kagemusha [Metamol] last year, they would not actively doubt Rokudou, who decided to reduce the amount of work and recover. The [Bravers] and the intelligence departments of each country are not operated solely by the Six Paths.

It's just that the Six Paths and their collaborators are in control.

It was also important that we were able to kill reincarnated people who were strong in information warfare, such as Kouya Endo from [Oracle], Aran Machida from [Laplace's Demon], Izumi Shimada from [Inspector], Kei Mackenzie from [Uruz], and Kanako Tsuchiya from [Venus]. Moriya believes that this is also because Rokudo was looking ahead.

Of course, if this was found out later, Rokudo and his collaborators would not be left alone. It is inevitable that he will be arrested for serious crimes such as treason.

...If only the world could maintain the same order as before.

"The world will be reborn. Rokudou-san, who gained eternal life and became a god, will be at the top, and we, the new humans, will rule over the old humans!"

Rokudou acquires death-attribute magic, gains eternal life, and becomes a god. And those who promised to cooperate with them will evolve into a new human race.

Death-attribute magic was also applied to breeding livestock and crops. And in the research laboratory where the "undead" were housed, research was also being conducted to apply this technique to humans and create invincible soldiers. This was attempted, but it seems that it did not produce any results.

However, if you have six paths, you should be able to do it. Those who couldn't create the same limited death-attribute magicians as in ``The Eighth Guidance'' and the Six Paths were on a different level.

However, the operator's report put a damper on Moriya's joy.

"One of the golems has stopped functioning!"

"What? Which unit's golem is this?"

The latest military golem, which almost looks like a robot, was used in multiple operations. In addition to the units to eliminate the three people mentioned above, which Moriya was particularly wary of, there are also a number of units to block the movements of other Bravers members who are not on the Rokudou side.

As for the reincarnated people who are not on our side at the moment, but are not in a leading position in the [Bravers] and their abilities are not a special threat, we do not intend to kill them, but rather we plan to simply scatter them around the world and sabotage them so that they cannot be contacted until the matter is over.

The reason for this is that after getting rid of Amemiya and the others, they might be able to recruit them to work under them. However, the main reason was that they were out of control.

Rokudou had obtained information about the ``Eighth Guidance'' through Murakami Junpei of Chronos, who had betrayed the Bravers. As it turned out, we, the reincarnated people, were protected by the good fortune given to us by God, and would not easily die by normal means. However, if there is a reincarnated person on the same side as the person trying to kill, their luck cancels each other out, and they die surprisingly easily.

For that reason, the force to eliminate Amemiya and the others includes reincarnated people under the Six Paths. However, the same goes for reincarnated people under the Six Paths, whose luck is canceled out. Therefore, sufficient personnel and backup are provided to ensure the operation's success.

Therefore, it was not realistic for the Rokudou to eliminate even the reincarnated people, both tangible and invisible. Therefore, after dispatching them to remote areas, they limited themselves to sabotage by destroying the means of movement and communication.

Moriya was still calm, thinking that the golem was probably destroyed by one of those units.

“The golem was destroyed by a [Balor] unit that went to abduct Mei Amemiya from the Amemiya mansion.”

"What!?"

However, his predictions were wrong and Moriya became nervous. This is because Johnny Yamaoka's unit in [Valor] was in charge of abducting Mei Amamiya, not eradicating reincarnated people.

In order to obtain the girl needed to complete the study of the Six Paths, a sufficient amount of military power was allocated. Even though the location was in an upscale residential area and the police were watching closely, they went out of their way to deploy military golems and heavily armed mercenaries.

And [Balor], who was appointed as the commander, is a man who specializes in combat among the reincarnated people. Although his abilities are rather general-purpose, he was born into a military family and was asked to become a soldier from an early age, which is what he wanted, so he has undergone advanced training.

Their handling of heavy weapons and martial arts skills are different from other Bravers who have only been trained for less than a year. As long as he doesn't use cheat abilities, he's one of the strongest in Bravers.

It is said that terrorists who face him lose their strength and surrender. It was like seeing the legendary Balor's evil eye.

“Have you heard from Yamaoka?”

"No, it doesn't. The golem, which has stopped functioning, seems to have failed in its sniping at [Echo]."

"[Echo]...if you notice the sniper, don't do it. Or is it his doing?"

Moriya was referring to something unidentified lurking in the Amemiya mansion as "that guy." Rokudou was even more wary of "him" than his bodyguard, [Echo].

However, on top of that, Rokudou and the others analyzed that they were not the enemy of [Balor].

As a result of analyzing the truck seized by the police and the corpses of the perpetrators during the abduction operation of Mei Amemiya, which was thought to have been interfered with by "he", it was found that the murder and destruction was done not by magic but by strong physical force.

Therefore, Rokudou guessed that ``he'' was a being who could hide his existence like the ghost in ``The Eighth Guidance,'' and that his physical abilities had been strengthened through some kind of magic item or modification surgery.

If that's the case, if you know in advance that it exists, then it's not Johnny's enemy.

[Echo] has also made a dramatic recovery over the past year, but it has been many years since he has been away from missions where combat could occur. Besides, if you were to let your guard down when a replacement ally arrived and shoot at him, you would be able to kill him without being able to reflect back with his abilities. That's what I expected...

"If you saved [Echo], it seems that the relationship between 'him' and Joseph and the others is stronger than expected. I thought they were just using each other, like when they teamed up with Murakami."

The same goes for Moriya, but Rokudou couldn't even imagine it. "He"...Bander did not treat Joseph and the others who were supposed to have a grudge against him, but rather out of kindness as a result of a chance encounter. As a result, I never dreamed that I would be able to open up to them as friends and build a relationship of trust.

That's why I was surprised at the next operator's reaction.

"Huh!? It has been confirmed that all the golems of the [Balor] squad have stopped functioning! All of the mercenaries' life reactions have also disappeared!"

"What!? You're such an idiot!"

“Body camera footage will be released!”

The image from [Balor]'s body camera can be displayed on the screen of the headquarters. What was reflected there... was the person Moriya was wary of.

"What, what is this ugly monster!? [Echo], where did Mei Amamiya go!? Is she actually inside that monster!?"

Seeing Bander for the first time, not only Moriya but also the operators expressed surprise. And then, that monster approaches [Balor] at frightening speed...it easily cuts off his arm, whose physical abilities had been strengthened through magic, and continues to attack.

Then it opened its mouth with fangs... The body camera broke and the footage was cut off.

"Oh, what is he? He's not a remnant of the Eighth Guidance. That's... contact Rokudou-san! It's an emergency!"

Moriya was stunned, but when he came back to his senses, he ordered the operator, who was just as stunned as he was, to hurry and report to Rokudou, who was making preparations in the research building.

Rokudou, who saw the recorded video after receiving the report from Moriya, said the same thing as Moriya, saying, "You're such an idiot."

``Even if it is hit by an assault rifle, a golem's heavy machine gun, fire or electricity, it will not only be damaged, but even the people hidden inside will be safe...It is impossible for any alloy to do so! Despite that, there was no evidence of any magic being cast. Besides, it's too fast! Since [Balor] lost unilaterally, no one can defeat this monster in a one-on-one match! ”

With a pale face, he yelled something that was obvious to Rodcorte and the others.

``That's why I told you not to touch me, even though I've been told by oracles many times.''

Rodcorte was holding his head. Unusually for him, he patiently issued the correct warnings to Rokudou and the others over and over again. He advised [Balor] to stop five seconds before shooting at the Amamiya mansion.

In the first place, Rodcorte wanted to stop researching death-attribute magic. At first, he ignored it, thinking it would fail anyway, but when he noticed that Rokudou had begun to produce some research results, he hurriedly tried to stop it.

However, Rodcorte's oracle did not reach him at all. This is because Rokudou and his subordinates have no respect for or faith in Rodcorte. [Balor] and others had their loyalty and faith in the Rokudo as a man who would become a god. Rokudou also sincerely believes that he is truly worthy of being a god.

Therefore, Rodcorte's oracle never reached him.

The voice of God reaches faithful and zealous believers. On the other hand, it will not reach those who are not, those who do not have faith, or those who are seriously mistaken.

It would have been the same even if Aran Machida, Izumi Shimada, Kouya Endo, and others who became messengers had advised him. There is nothing sophisticated about the feelings they direct toward their former comrades who they indirectly caused to die.

``Are you sure it's the remnants of the Eighth Guidance?'' ”

``That can't be true. If there was a monster like this, there was no point in hiding it from Murakami and his friends until the final battle. This monster could have killed even Hiroto Amemiya. Even if that wasn't the case, you could have killed more Bravers.''

『So, he was created by someone after that?』 However, who could create such a monster...? ”

“Rokudou-san, and you guys should leave searching for the true identity of this monster for now! What should we do about this monster? Should we give up on getting Mei Amamiya? If we don't come up with a new plan, it will be too late! ”

Moriya urges Rokudou to make a decision as he becomes distraught in front of the video. Until now, Rokudou had thought that everything was in the palm of his hand, but the unexpected situation seemed to stop his train of thought.

“Yes! Stop meddling now! If you do that, there will be no chance of your soul being crushed! ”

Rodcorte shouts, thinking of the danger of Bandar crushing or eating his soul, but of course his voice doesn't reach him.

``No, there's no need for him to crush the souls of those other than the Six Paths, right? ”

In front of Aran's line of sight, there was Johnny, the [Balor] who had just arrived.

``No, I don't want it anymore, I don't want to be reincarnated in a place where his real body is. I don't need any memories, please erase me, erase me...''

Instead of a quiet but confident combat professional, there was a man holding his head in his hands, trembling in fear like a small child.

Bander inserted his tongue into Johnny's brain through his ear hole and hacked into his brain by extending nerve cells from his tongue. And he retrieved the information, all the while eating away at his psyche.

I did the opposite of what I had done to Joseph and Ulrika. The purpose of this is probably to make the reincarnated people who were killed by people other than Bandar...the reincarnated people who died as a result of the collision between Amemiya and Rokudou realize how terrifying he is.

If you look at Johnny's behavior like this, someone like Murakami would be taken in by Rodcorte's words...

"No, I don't know what will happen if it's Rokudou."

``Certainly...I thought he was a calm and intelligent person, but it seems I was wrong.''

Truly intelligent people don't do big things that leave their names in history. It's not that it can't be done, it's that it doesn't.

This is because smart people understand the difficulties and risks involved in getting there. And even if you accomplish that, you may not know if you will be able to obtain something that is worth the effort.

A warlord who tried to take over the world even though he didn't know whether he could take it or what would happen if he did. A revolutionary who advocates a revolution without knowing if it will succeed. A captain who aims for a new continent even though there is no convincing evidence that it exists.

Rikudou Hijiri will also be recorded in history as one of those people. That is, if history survives.

``[Metamol]...I have lost control of ``Black Maria''! It's out of control! Similarly, ``Yukijorou'', ``Bokor'', and ``Gabriel'' are also out of control! ”

“You idiot! ? What happened to [Artemis] and [Kushugami] at the scene? ? ”

“We lost contact! ”

“Damn! Let's do it, Amemiya. What happened to [Ares] who was hidden near him? Was he attacked too? ”

``No, that's...[Ares]'s reaction is still more than ten kilometers away from the point where [Artemis] and the others stopped responding. Amemiya and the others haven't arrived yet! ”

“What! ? Then, who exactly is this...the local government's military general is our pawn? The militaries of other countries will not take action on their own.

I can't believe there are other members of that monster! ? ”

Looking at Rokudou in such dismay, Kouya Endo thought that the situation might come to an end surprisingly easily.

Behind him, [Artemis] and [Kushogami], who had become only souls, appeared. In order to explain various things to the two of them, he forcibly tore away their consciousness that was focused on the images.

By the time Hiroto Amemiya, along with Nanaya Sugiura and several other members of Ares, arrived at the ruins where the terrorists were hiding, everything was over.

"Long time no see"

The person who greeted them with these words was Mari Shihoin, a friend who was supposed to be dead... [Metamol]. She had her arms folded behind her waist and was accompanied by three men and women she didn't recognize.

“Truth, truth? You idiot, you should be dead!”

"Iwao, I used to think so too...but no corpse has been found. Since the woman in front of me is not an illusion, it must be real. I can't describe it, but I can tell by feeling. It's the same kind."

That's what Amemiya said, calming down the surprised [Titan] Iwao and looking at Mari.

The feeling he is talking about is the good fortune that Rodcorte gives to all reincarnated people except Vandalieu. He had become able to intuitively understand that when they faced each other, they canceled each other out.

"Yes, if you believe me, it would be helpful if I could explain quickly. By the way, I said it's been a while since I last saw you all last year. You know, at Mom's celebration."

Smiling with relief, she continued, wearing a dirty military uniform and holding a worn-out gun and knife. However, Amemiya and the others could not immediately understand the meaning of those words.

And Nanaya Sugiura of [Ares], who knows that she is a Rokudou experiment subject codenamed ``Black Maria'' and that the three boys and girls she is accompanying are a failure placed to kill Amemiya and the others, maintains her calm on the surface, but on the inside she is extremely confused.

(Why are these guys in the public eye, standing proudly!? They were supposed to mix in with the kid hostages and take advantage of the opportunity to kill Amemiya and the others! What happened to Dar, the watchdog, and Catherine, who was supposed to be their trump card!? Has the strategy changed!?)

Da Ron is a reincarnated person who has the cheat ability of [Kushigami]. Kushogami watches over people's lives and reports their merits and demerits to King Enma. As his code name suggests, he has a monitoring familiar that resides within the subject's body, allowing him to monitor what the subject sees and hears, as well as their mental and physical state.

Although he is silent to everyone except Rokudou and the others, he is able to communicate telepathically with the target he has inhabited, and if he is close enough to them, he can even control their bodies.

It is impossible for any magician to detect that a familiar resides within it, nor can it be separated from the target. The only option is to kill Dar, the main body, or take away his consciousness.

Catherine Miller is the strongest sniper in the world with the cheat ability of [Artemis]... [Guaranteed Hit]. Anything she throws or shoots will always hit the target it aims at. It doesn't matter if the line of fire is out of line or if the target is in the opposite direction of the shot, it will hit the target.

It's just that it always hits, so like Amemiya's [Ignore Defense Power], the things that hit don't always cause damage. It doesn't change the speed, sharpness, or weight of the object you throw.

However, if you aim at the head with a sniper rifle, you should be able to kill even Amemiya.

Dar is supposed to monitor and control Mari and the others, and Catherine is supposed to be used as a trump card to kill Amemiya. Those two people aren't there...well, it doesn't matter that they're not there for the sake of the operation, but what does it mean that instead of the mercenaries playing the role of terrorists, Mari and the four others show up and talk to him in a friendly manner?

Has the strategy changed? If that's the case, why haven't I heard from you at all? ?

While Nanaya Sugiura was confused, Amemiya and the others were also confused.

"Your mother's celebration was a long time ago..."

"That's right. My mother is because of that bastard... I'm talking about her, not my mother. Well, I don't think she understood because she was in her Rokudou form at that time."

"Huh!? Rokudou!?"

"Yes, Rokudou. An explosion that made you think I was dead? Murder? Well, I don't know the details, but after that I was made to be Rokudou's shadow warrior. Through drugs and mind control.

I was weird back then, right? That's because I was starting to regain my sanity thanks to Mama and Bandar.''

"What are you talking about... Bander? By any chance, are you talking about that Bander? That's supposed to be an imaginary friend that only Mei can see."

"Yes, that's right. It's thanks to Bandar and Mama that I can talk like this. They taught me how to use magic by thinking only with my soul, and I used death-attribute magic to nullify the control device implanted in my body. Also, the familiar of [Kushogami]. When I put a barrier inside my body that absorbs magical energy, I was able to erase the familiar.

So, I killed [Kushogami] and then used force to forcefully kill [Artemis]. How many holes do you think she punched in my head? Thirteen. I wonder what I would do if I died."

“Eh, why do the names Dar and Catherine come up?”

"Of course, the two of you are friends of the Rokudou, and the plan was to kill everyone except [Ares]. So, from now on, in South America, where the Rokudou was researching death-attribute magic..."

“[Flame cannonball]!”

At that time, Sugiura of [Ares] interrupted Mari's words, and it hit her easily, crushing her head and scattering it.

“Sugiura!?”

"W-what are you doing!?"

Amamiya and the others were confused by the explanation, unsure whether or not he intended for the truth to be understood, and were unable to act immediately and stop Sugiura's outrageous behavior. Even now, he is at a loss, unable to ignore the three unidentified people that Mari has brought with him, even though they are surrounding him.

“Fuck!”

Meanwhile, Sugiura was also at the height of confusion. Although he himself knew that what he had just done was a bad move, he knew the information that would be fatal to them, and he couldn't help but stop Mari from telling him about it.

And the realization that he had made a bad move drives him even further into a corner, driving him to desperation.

“Well, if this happens, I have no choice but to do it!”

Rather than Amemiya, Mari, and the others teaming up and getting beaten up, I have no choice but to kill as many of them as possible before they recover from the chaos. His cheat ability, [Double Power], is a powerful ability that doubles the power of the weapons he releases, including magic and firearms. Things like missiles fired from fighter jets and helicopters, which are not weapons that he directly controls and that have complicated machinery in between, are not covered by his abilities, but that doesn't matter right now.

With the assault rifle and grenades he is equipped with, and the already powerful fire attribute attack magic he has learned, he should be able to do something about it.

However, the results of the calculations made by his desperate mind quickly collapsed.

"Now you believe he's a traitor, right?"

The voice came from Mari's body, which was supposed to be missing from the neck up. She placed the spare head on the cross section of her neck, which was resting on her hand behind her back, and stuck it together.

“B-you idiot!?”

"This is while using the magic of [Death Delay], I used my [Metamol] to change a part of my body and create a replacement head. It's the same method I used when I killed [Artemis].

That's why I'm not immortal, and I'm not undead. I'm just a human with special abilities just like you."

That's what I explained to Sugiura, who was speechless and shocked, and Amamiya, who was stiff from being surprised for the first time.

"Damn...damn it!"

This time, Sugiura became desperate and tried to fire his assault rifle and attack magic at full blast with Ares.

As expected, Amemiya and the others tried to move immediately, but the three people Mari had brought with them moved before they could.

"I won't tolerate that heat."

The limited death-attribute magic of ``Yukijorou'', a girl with white hair and skin, reduces the heat emitted by the explosion of gunpowder from bullets and fire-attribute magic to zero.

In the aftermath, a terrifying cold air robs Sugiura of his body temperature.

"I'm announcing the pregnancy."

"Gabriel", an androgynous person whose appearance is unknown as a boy or a girl, makes an announcement to Sugiura, who has lost his assault rifle.

“Bless the life growing within you.”

Then, ``Bokor'', a boy in his late teens with Latin features, performs the blessing. It was a meaningless action for Amemiya and the others, but for Sugiura it was a death sentence.

“Ugh, stop it, I haven’t done anything to you guys… Igigigigagagagagagabyube!?”

Unidentified insects and slime-like creatures appear, eating away Sugiura's body from the inside as he suddenly begins to suffer.

"Is this 'undead' death-attribute magic!?"

"That's right. I, Gabriel, will make the microorganisms in the target's body evolve abnormally..."

"I, 'Bokor', create a component in the target's body that promotes this. The result is as follows. Although he is still alive."

``Gabriel'' and ``Bokor'' explain limited death-attribute magic to Amamiya, who is shocked.

Then, ignoring Sugiura who was being eaten alive by abnormally evolved E. coli bacteria, Mari spoke again.

“Then, is there anything else you would like to ask? Maybe I should explain it again?”

"I'm sorry, but please. It would be helpful if you could set up the order from the beginning, from the moment you were made to appear dead, and make it as easy to understand as possible."

Mari frowned and answered Amemiya's words.

"It seems more difficult than getting rid of Catherine and Dar, but I'll try. Bandar also said that effort is important, and I want Mom to praise me."

Volume 5 of my work has been released! I would appreciate it if you could pick it up when you see it at a bookstore.

The next episode will be posted on April 15th.