Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 368: The last of the evil vampire remnants and Meorilith, who praises everything and imposes a unit on him.

Wicked Vampire Demon who dedicates Hijirushkaka. They had a serious crisis behind the history of Baangaia.

"It was so strong ... I don't have a組織dow to see a large organization that I can't understand the whole picture even though I was in the center"

Bircaine, Goubamon, and Tennessia’s three original vampire and their abdo . In addition, the extinction of Hijirushkaka, the subject of faith that was the core of the ideology of the organization.

“I thought that I would be dissipated, but it seems to be chased more than expected.”

The vampire of noble vampire gathering under the last remaining bldgine, feared after the death of the bldgine and escaped. Then, I tried to form an organization again in the future.

The merit who pulled out in the living noble vampire is not able to survive without making an organization. Everyone knows that the adventurer, the vampireハンター of the temple, and the mountain of Vanderou is known to be.

I was a member of the organization from the moment they became vampire. A safe base that hides itself from the sun, collection of information, and securing humans to breathe blood.

On the other hand, they live alone. It’s not possible, but it’s not possible to get the tails to the adventurers and get them out for a hundred years.

They were aware of it, but once they were scattered, they were trying to form an organization again.

However, they couldn’t make a strong organization like before.

In the Kingdom of Orbaum, it is understood that Vandalu continued to hand out, the Duchess of Alcrem, the Duchess of Saulon, the Duchess of Hartner, and the Duchess of Burgit. However, there was no large-scale base of the organization in the Duchess of Jahan, etc. away from the border.

Of course, there is no large base on the Amid Imperial side.

There are two reasons why the wicked vampire was weakened. It is essential to form an organization.

"I could not trust each other. The organization does not work in good friends goコ...... Even if you do not know when the opponent is behind it, it does not function even among those who always be alert of everyone other than yourself."

One thing is that noble vampire survived could not build trust with each other. Because it is a wicked group that believes in the wicked God, it is not unusual to get along with each other. Rather, it is more common to have a boss, subordinates, or non-competitors relationship between the members of the organization.

However, it is necessary to have a minimum of trust. At the moment of turning back, this boss is 牙ed and attacked, or this coworker does not leak information, or if it shows a gap, the subordinates are not going to organize their party, or the organization should not be able to form such a thing at all times.

“I’m not sure that the teachings of Hijirushkaka were so...”

“It’s another case if you’re a leader with strong power, but there’s no merit of the original vampire to kill all of you and to survive.  

The enemy, which争s and kills, and the subordinate is for subordinate and exploiting. It is impossible even if there is a wicked vampire in。 with the teachings of such Hijirushkaka.

If the original Vampire Vampire and its abdo  powers take initiative, it would be possible to cover it mainly. Most of the vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vampire vamp

That’s why it was impossible to assemble a single organization.

“Is it possible to get the subject of faith instead of Hijirushkaka?”

Another thing is the existence of the wicked god. They are criminal organizations, and they are also dangerous religious organizations that dedicate evil spirits.

However, Hijirushkaka was destroyed by Vandaloo.

For this reason, noble vampire who escaped needed new faith. If you don’t have a strong leader to assemble your organization, you need to put it in place with a common ideology for the members.

However, even if noble vampire devotees new evil gods to Hijirushkaka, the evil gods decided to ignore. On the contrary, there was a thing that was rejected by the gods.

This is an un。onable judgment if it is from the wicked gods who are the Devilish League. I want you to get the faith of the wicked vampire on behalf of Hirushkakaka. However, Vanderou and the enemy are not good.

No matter how much you pray, no sacrifice is devoted to Vanderou.

Because of this, the wicked vampire was not able to secure the subject of faith that is the core of the organization, and it was forced to split from several to ten small groups.

And while working together with the group to exchange information, I had a breath.

One of the information we got, there was a thing that God came up with their faith, so some groups were gathering.

But waiting there is the opponent who fears more than the Vampireハンター of Arda believers.

I see. If you think so, it might be better to run out of the Baangaia continent.

The spirit of the original Vampire and Hijirushkaka, and the delegation of the Vanderlus Zakart and its subordinates were 崩壊 down to their organization.

“No, Vanderou” Outside the Baangaia continent, there is an organization of vampire who dedicates the gods of other demons, and I bought the resent of the organization.

"...I'm trying to kill the back society." I think that there is a lack of such help with the表dy who can not live in the table society.

Vandaloo was looking to think that there is no point to follow them in the very cruelty of the organization of the wicked vampire.

It is not to defend the criminal organization, but there is no interest in society at all. It is because there is a surprising contribution to the local community.

"Vandalu, unfortunately there is no missing piece. I managed a crime organization and resulted in a certain order in the underlying society, but it is also possible for local crime organizations under the wicked vampire separately.

“But, it increased the amount of extra sacrifice and childbirth, such as devoting orphans to金eeze upward or blood.”

"Uohoo! Warehousing is the garbage of society! Oh, Oh! "

However, in the abdo、 of the original Vampire Tennessia, it is now a ghost of the optical attribute, and it is said to be "It is not possible to say that it contributed to society, but it is too fine for the harm given," rather, there was no problem without existence."

And it was the truth that Bale Celtic had to cry out loudly.

“I’ve been sold to mine without a buyer after slaves, and I’ve been picked up by the bircaine’s hand and became a vampire, so I’m saying that it’s a good idea, but it’s hard to protect it if you think that it’s spreading drugs or working on politics.”

“I’m picked up, so it’s hard to say, but I wouldn’t have at least a beneficial organization for society.” If it is a normal crime organization, it was an organization that believes "the evil god of e  life"

Even if you do a charitable business, it is only a handful of deceptive prey.

“Well, you are! If you hear it silently, you will feel good!”

“I have forgotten the core of the organization!”

An all-you-can-eat vampire that I want to say to the former executive, and a 鳴ent vampire was peeled off and 鳴ed.

"I can't bark, musi kella!"

Ira, which should be next to Vanderou, touch the sword with the speed as if it was moving at the moment.

“Gear Aar!”

“Oh, my legs!”

Two noble vampire cut from the middle of the thigh turns to the ground. They painted their own blood and soil, and they were surprised that they were not able to see the sword muscles of Aila.

However, they are noble vampire. It is a noble who can fly the sky without using magic. So I tried to keep my body in the air.

っ

However, Ira does not allow it to step on the back of one and put the blade of the sword on the other.

“I don’t want to escape even if I’m inverted.” Both are the only thing I can bring back to Vandaloo. If you don’t like it, listen silently

The two noble vampire who listened to the voice was 震。 from the core of the body, as well as a。. There are many other noble vampire who saw it.

I understand that it is absolutely impossible for me.

"I want to know where the other wicked vampire group is living, but I want to know where to live. I'm the former.

The former Vandaloos left to escape the remnants of the wicked vampire. I thought that I could not catch up and lost my organization. If you are scattered, but still continue to do things, you will be狩d by adventurers, knights, vampire殿s of the temple. If you stay quietly, you will survive for several hundred years.

I thought that both of them are not suitable. If they say more precisely, they were not interested in anything.

The kingdom of Orbaum is not the Vidal Magic Empire. The obligation to protect the kingdom of Orbaum is because of the kingdom of Orbaum and the knight that serves it.

At that time, as Vandalu, which was limited to the Duchess of Arcムm, there is a feeling that "I want to be the first of the rest, because the core of the organization was defeated."

At that time, Alda power in the Kingdom of Orbaum was healthy, and it was unknown to Vandalou, but there was a target to be wary of the residual party of the wicked vampire.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

The kingdom of the Orbaum, other than the Duchess of FAZON, has been greatly tilted to the Vida family and has been interacted with the Vidal Magic Empire. The main conductor of the Alda Force concentrates on the Duchess of Fゾン, and Randolph cooperates as an army drummer.

Therefore, if the former wicked vampire who sprinkled was disturbed, the inconvenient occurred when waking up in each Duke's territory.

“If you know that your predecessors caused a buzz in the Kingdom of Orbaum, and the predecessors lost their controls, you might find someone who blame you for that reason.

I think there is no way to be blamed, but in this case, it is not "michiri" but "michiri"

There should be people who don’t like to join the Vidal Empire and Alliance even if there is a large difference in political power and power. Because it is a political change, it is natural that there is a person who loses interest and allocation.

Some people may try to scare the situation to their own.

For those who have done so, you can do anything if you have a mouthful of the Vidal Empire.

“Well, wait! It’s all about assumptions! You might be a bad 芽 after that, so let’s pick it up and say it!”

“Yes.”

A noble vampire screaming on the Aila, but immediately lost the word by Vanderou.

“Is it the same as a human being that ignores the morality if you have a mouth?”

“Yes.”

However, Vandaloo was nodded immediately even if he screamed again.

"If you say more, it is only for me because it is likely that the people of the anti-Vidal Magic Empire will twist something and bite.

I think it is better to do more than I did, and now it is not a big business model."

The light completely disappeared from the eyes of the noble vampire that was said to be there.

“This is the future of the previous ones, but to compensate what we have done before, we also have the meaning of vocational training, and we will give about labor.”

“Well, what can we do?”

奴隷

When I asked the vampire of noble vampire probably, I suddenly thought that laughed, something appeared from the shade of Vanderou.

“You are Andrew!”

"In Bar、,ポpo, Citrine...It's a subordinate vampire!"

“I was alive!”

It was a subordinate vampire, which was judged to be a footstep, because the vampire cannot fly by self when the vampire escaped.

The vampire was surprised by the fact that they had been killed and was dead.

“Is it more like you?”

It was because Andrew’s goodness changed greatly from the point of view.

“労働時間ile you’re a laborer, working hours are just 10 hours a day with meals and breaks! You’ll be covered with collars and monitored, but you’ll be given a private room and give enough meals a weekly holiday!”

“I don’t have to say that I was hurting without a sense, I was killed because I was hurting my superiors, or I could not be killed by my trums! It’s a place that I would like to compare with when I was under you! I want to be about a lifetime job!”

The existence of the body of the wicked vampire is humans. It should be noted that it is dom  by the vampire, and it should not be good to treat the structure of the lower tissue that can be cut off immediately, and the human being kept as a livestock to exploit blood.

However, the bottom part of the organization is the obligatory vampire of the human standing. They are those who did not have any kind or highlights to be noble, but they are only valid. It is almost an elephant elephant for Bircaine Tatsuhara Vampire.

For this reason, it is mainly obligatory vampire to be delayed from a trumpted bldgine, sacrifice of the stress of Tennessia, defeated by fighting with the adventurer and the secretion of con s, and punished by committing a loss.

In addition, even the dependent species are superior in life and regeneration, and it is much more sturdy than humans, so even if it is treated。, it can not be crushed immediately.

And it is not possible to become a noble even if you stand up such a deal. The dependent species remain dependent even if they rank up.

That’s why Vandaloo’s labor-management was nothing to do with the people.

“No, I’m better than that.”

""What is our work wear?"

Andreu has a mop and a bucket with a sword and a sword.ポpo and Shitrin are   clothes.

The obediences of the former wicked vampire tissue were given work after they were separated by the victims.

"I'm farming in the field! The plant is good. I always show the way when I was lost. As the plant’s instructions,肥料 the soil, sprinkle fertilizer, sing, and dance! At first I didn’t know the meaning... but now I heard the voice of the plant as my seniors! In rice planting and harvesting, I’m still 及ing to the s ar lady...”

Andrew transforms into a deep subtle dependent, and then works farming in the fields around Talosム and rice fields in Onumazawa.

He is active as a vampire farmer who can dance singing under the guidance ofクk, which was a crime slave of lyrye of singing z e.

“I’m a cleanser! Let’s make a building that will keep your lives and cities open to the endless sams! And I’m looking forward to seeing Vandalu’s statue! Together with Vandalu’s content!”

Bar。 is a cleaning husband. I have cleaned various places every day with King Meguro. Vandalou is saying that he doesn’t have to put such a force, but the statue of the giant Vandalou is also very important.

"We're a 習 apprentice. It’s okay, you can quickly become a   for you. The only thing you need is to throw away   clothes and past pride.”

Let’s start by 。ing all of the words. Undead, vampire, humans, plants,蟲s, and all living beings!

ポpo and citrin are 。s.

In addition, the rival's subordinate vampire that is not in this place is only working with the employees during work.

And the new way of living, Andrew's appearance, noble vampires seemed like it. “I’m crazy.”

It is an unfortunate evaluation of Vandaloo. The ab ent vampire dyed by the values of the vampire system was a true human in a short period of time (not a tribe), so there is no way to do it even if it is a little bit strange.

If you want to continue to work, you will be able to make strange speeches. ... maybe.

“If you say that you don’t like it?”

“Of course, let’s choose another way.” Z e

In response to the voices of Aila, Magisa, who was close to the side of Birkine, is gra。 in the 姿 clothes.

“Is Ghost Good?”

“Want to shine like us?”

“Well, why are you here?”

Chiplus laughs gently and looked at the vampire of the noble vampire, and they were killed by them, and the abdo  vampire of the ghost-based highest-class wicked bilkain, he wanders over.

There are options to 。 vampire. It is possible to rebirth as a daemon or other magic like Vandaloo after dead.

Contact Us We have to look for the residual party after you, so don’t waste time.

In the case that the ob e option is a two-choice of whether it is sub ed or killed while alive, the vampire will interfere with the eyes with the blue face. They were forced to work together to find out how they could take off this cramp, or to use their fellows.

"I will serve as a vampire! Please give your collar!"

“I’ll give you everything in the vampire!”

As I made the gap, I chose Kyoshun by about four people. Their eyes look straight on Vanderou, and they have some crazy shine.

It seems that it is attracted and attracted. It would be to avoid being attacked by the insufficiency vampire who is not guided.

There were various reactions to the vampire.

"The!」er!"

A person who attempted to attack the original fellow who lost his a  and chose to follow Vanderou.

“Now, I can’t do it!”

ignore them and try to escape them.

"I'm also obeyed! I'll take anything even for labor!"

A person who follows the leds.

っ

!」

All the neck of the vampire of noble vampire other than those who chose to follow were cut and rolled to the ground.

“Res。 again.” What do you want?

Then, when the ira s刎pted on the neck of the vampire of the noble vampire, the heads responded by moving the mouth with pakupaku.

As an undead, follow Vanderlus, and

。 However, Vandaloo is. Noble Vampire is already z e

“No, I don’t do anything.”

“Oh, it’s so early to be undeaded.”

"Ira, you, a little atmosphere changed, but it's okay..."

"What is it? This is ranked up!?"

At that time, Eleonola noticed that changes occurred to the Aila, and Ira who checked the status was ranked up by himself.

Later, Vandaloo was ranked up by Ira, so he went to the principal office of the preparatory school to explain to meorilis to cancel the training that was enrolled.

If it is normal, it is necessary to talk to the instructor in charge of practice, but the instructors of Vandalu participated are likely to be in charge of Randolph or Meolilis, so I had to go to the principal office.

I came to the principal office. Awesome. Let’s give the unit.

It’s really great to get out of things that are hard to say about cancellation of practice. So let's award the unit.

How do you think about it? You succeeded in the practice of canceling the practice and made a result. So you should receive the unit

Meoriris, whose dignity and beauty are combined, is smiling with cats. She had a long relationship with Randolph, but she didn’t see it.

"I'm sorry, I'm not able to lose my rightness."

"Méorilis Teacher, please be firm."

“...The super-large-country ruler who exceeds the kingdom of the kingdom of the kingdom of the kingdom of the kingdom will be asked to receive the teaching yet. I don’t want to be blamed for a little bit of care.”

Meorilis, who want to give a unit for any trivial reason and graduate to Vanderou, said to have a breath for the deep.

“In addition, I told you to cancel my practice. Now you’ll have a chance to take a unit again.

"No, it was originally supposed to be accepted by the dungeon under the supervision of the adventurer, and it is not the first class to experience multiple environments. Elizabeth, I’m still the third time.

"How do I do it with the authority of the principal?"

I want you to。 as soon as possible. I ask for a graduation, and I do anything I can do.

It is better not to say in a place where you can hear Kanako. If not, it will be a stage debut.

"... stage debut" I don't solve anything even if I  , but I'm free!

"Please stop, principal teacher. If you have any questions, please contact us.

“Yes, I took the word.” I don’t have to do it now, but I don’t have to stay. It's really good. If you are a resident, please leave your principal.

So what is the translation to cancel your practice?

"Yes, Ira ranks up to 14 monsters in the rank of No Life Queen."

The description of Vandalou and the expression of proud Aila meorilis remembered dizzy.14 14 is one of the most vulnerable evil gods,  s, and the strength of true giants.

If you want to defeat, the S-class adventurer will be busy, and the selected S-class adventurer will not be able to survive. The battle is not a legend but a myth.

That’s it.

However, I can not feel the atmosphere like a god somewhere from Ira. I feel that the back muscles become cold just by looking at something like a fairy color inc .

I learned the skills of “Indeativation”, but the skill has the effect of strengthening the generated undead, which makes it easier to generate an undead around me.

It is dangerous to take her to a dungeon as a subtle in the condition that this skill cannot be controlled.

"Is it easy to generate an undead?" However, it is not a practical practice if the dead body of the magic is all z es. There is no danger if all of the z、es are fasc、 by you, but after all, it is useful for practice."

You can prepare a faithful fighting staff just by狩 the magic. In addition, because the dead bodies of the monsters defeated by the z es become z es, the fighting crew will grow without limitation.   If you can prepare food, it will become a practical training just to camp in a peaceful forest.

However, at the time Vandalou is participating, the difficulty of the dungeon program managed by the preparatory school is nothing different from camping in a peaceful forest.

However, as a practice, you should not be able to complete your body, and it is suitable for Elizabeth people who practice together.

“Well, it’s not the only way to change the 魔、 from now!”

“No, in the provisions, there is a rule that you can not change after you have applied once.”

“You can change your obedience with authority as a principal!”

"It's like that."

"I want to be with Vandaloo, but I want to endure that I will be the birth of Vandaloo! But I don't like to give it to my little daughter! ... Yeah, I'm still in the world in the body! Let's be the child!"

"It's a little. “I’m also samurai a new girl”

“How about Andrew and Bar、?”

“I think it’s okay because I think that Elizabeth also thinks “I’m also samuraiing a new match.”

In addition, the residual population of the residual party of the wicked vampire was absorbed under the control of Vanderlus, regardless of life and disappeared as an organization.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Ira

・Age: Approximately 30,000 years old

・Two names: [Eclipse Emperor's Hound] [Chief's Mistress]

・Rank: 14

・Species: No Life Queen

・Level: 0

・Passive skills

dark vision

Immunity to status abnormalities (Awakening from status abnormality resistance!)

Strength: 5Lv (UP!)

High speed playback: 10Lv (UP!)

Mental pollution: 8Lv

Massacre Super Recovery: 1Lv (Awakened from Massacre Recovery!)

Intuition: 6Lv

Ability value enhancement: Loyalty: Vandalieu: 1Lv (Awakened from ability value enhancement!)

Presence detection: 4Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 7Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Transformation: 3Lv (UP!)

Strengthen offensive and defensive power when equipped with transformation equipment: Large (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Faith: 1Lv (NEW!)

Magic power increase: 1Lv (NEW!)

Color: 1Lv (NEW!)

Reinforcement: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Blood: 8Lv (UP!)

Water attribute magic: 9Lv (UP!)

Fire attribute magic: 9Lv (UP!)

Non-attribute magic: 5Lv

Magic control: 8Lv (UP!)

Massacre Corpse Sword Technique: 3Lv

Hentai Chain Armor Technique: 3Lv (UP!)

Transcend the limit: 4Lv (UP!)

High speed flight: 6Lv (UP!)

Tracking: 9Lv

Torture: 7Lv

Command: 5Lv

Housework: 2Lv

Cooperation: 7Lv (UP!)

Riding: 2Lv

Martial arts: 5Lv (UP!)

Familiar demon: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic sword limit breakthrough: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Transformation: 8Lv (UP!)

Vandalieu's protection

Vida's protection

Immortal activation (NEW!)

- Monster explanation: No Life Queen written by Luciliano

Queen of lifeless beings. Could there be an undead equivalent to the king of demihuman monsters? This is one of the answers that came out as a result of repeated research and speculation by various historical researchers based on such themes.

It seems to be the female version of the king of the lifeless.

To be honest, I thought that as long as my master was around, these undead would never appear. After all, Master himself is the No Life King, the king of lifeless beings.

Although Isla has overturned my expectations, it seems that her stance of swearing loyalty to her master has not changed at all. Although he has the skill [Immunity to status abnormalities], the effects of death-attribute charm and guidance do not seem to be included in status abnormalities.

Well, the master also thinks that ``a state that is not affected by one's own emotions is not called normal,'' so I guess the state of being a fanatic who swears loyalty to the master is normal for Isla. ...I'll leave it to myself, but it's a pretty terrible analysis.

I would like to find out whether other undead can rank up to No Life King or Queen.

●Skill Explanation: Immortal Activation Written by Luciliano

A skill that strengthens the ability values and regeneration power of surrounding undead, making it easier to turn corpses and spirits into undead. Normally, this skill would be dangerous not only to humans but also to monsters other than undead.

In the area of ​​effect of this skill, ordinary living bones and living dead will have a slight regenerative ability, and corpses left alone will almost certainly turn into undead after a few hours.

Of course, dried fish and dried meat, but processed products that cannot be called corpses...leather products including leather armor, and bonework can also be targeted.

Also, even if it is not a corpse, the incidence of living armor and curse weapons will be higher.

And even if all corpses and items that are likely to turn into undead are eliminated, the earth and stones will be possessed by spirits and turn into golems, and the spirits will directly turn into ghosts, so the only way to stop the proliferation of undead is to do something about the owner of this skill.

However, in the case of Aira, the effect of this skill can be adjusted, and the undead who have turned into undead will also follow their master if they have one, so the danger is low. ...At least for the people of the Vidal Demon Empire and its allies.

The next episode will be posted on May 9th.