Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short story 63 Dukes of the turbulent chosen kingdom

In the capital city of Orbaum, Mao Gudulanis was revived and destroyed. For those who work for reconstruction and reconstruction in Orbaum, the information was transmitted to other cities and villages of the Duchess and the royalty, at a speed that is only to be considered to be loose.

For the parties, a number of magical objects appear in the city after a few hours in the morning, which is not changed until yesterday. Dark Abalone appears on the right side of the royal castle, and plays an intense battle with Vandalu Zakart, the five-colored blades, and the true Randolph and the Vanderluh’s followers.

After a while to escape to the shelter, Witch King was defeated by Vanderou and the Goddess of Life and Love, Vida宣言d in Orbaum, and the situation converged.

In the past few hours, a group of daemons who were humans, huge undeads that fly over the sky, new species of witches and vidas appeared.

If such an incident or change occurs during the day, there will be no way to do it even if the movement of people other than the capital is felt e。.

However, there is no way to deal with other humans.

In the village where the castle wall of Orbaum can be seen far away, the wall of the castle collapsed, and there is a huge thing in the sky, so I think that there is something。iculous. ......Vandalou has reスキルed the broken castle wall with the skill of Goムスキル.

Of course, the capital of the country is the capital of Orbaum.冒険ers, adventurers,遊s, mercenaries, etc. After the incident, we went to the city and brought back the information outside.

In addition, I skipped early horses to the Duchess whose Lords and other Duchess were also cured by them. To send supplies to help the reconstruction of Orbaum.

However, the earliest information was the official of the temples.

"The king was defeated!? When the king Gudulanis defeated in the city, there was a神!"

The information of the gods is short fragments, and it is impossible to know everything about what it is. However, it was delayed, "Olbaum is revived. Even if the city becomes cata phic, there was an effect to increase the confidence of the report that "I defeated the King Gudulanis". ...... If there is nothing, it would be that the person who does not believe immediately will continue to think that such a deer thing will occur.

However, those who were entrusted to the temple, the actions of the temple officials who had thick faith were taken by each temple. The people of Vida, Rikula, Zulwarn, Pelia and Botin said, “Today is a common celebration day in the world! It will be a memorable day that has been en d in the history of tens of thousands years later!”

However, "the goddess of the Holy。ar" Elk's priest, etc., the defeat of the Witch's itself was celebrated, but I was worried about it. And those who have a standing position among Alda believers, and those who have high talent, disappeared one after another.

However, the problem is that it is important for the kingdom of Orbaum. The savior of the King of the King, Vanderou revealed the presence of the empire and the empire as the empire of the Vidal Majestic Empire, so each of them had to quickly decide how to interact with the Vidal Majestic Empire in the future.

In the Kingdom of Orbaum,王国lomatic rights are found in the kings and the aristocratices of the central territory, and each duches cannot be independently foreign and外交lomatic.

However, now, the central is in the state of cata、phic function, and one of the causes that occurred was the predecessor of Ulgen Tercatanis ... It is the leading aristocratic of the center. Therefore, the authority and control of the central aristocrat fell into the ground.

It has not been prohibited foreign and proprietary lomacy in law, it is built. If you want to do it, there is a way out. ......Foreign countries in Baangaia have been recognized as the only empire of the Amid and its country in which the enemy country has been built. However, the only thing that faces the border was the Duchess of Saulon, so there was no one who walked through the unfamiliar bridge.

In addition, the power of the Vidal Magic Empire already enters the Kingdom of Orbaum and eats it. The poor city of the capital is revived as Zakart city. It is a pleasure, but if you are a foreign country, the capital that should be strictly protected, it is a great thing from the kingdom side because one of the largest overseas bases is coming out.

In addition, more than 13 undeads and new species of Vidas are stationed. When I understand that this information is true, I understand that it is impossible to take the Vidal Magician side with the power of the law as well as the samurai. The central aristocratic who cannot do anything in that situation can not stand for anything.

In this case, Vidal Magic Empire is an ordinary ... In other words, if you are a human-oriented country like the Amid Empire or the Orbaum Kingdom, you think that each Duke will enter normally.

We will send the messenger, honor Vandalou and their績s, cooperate with the reconstruction business, open the party, connect the face to build your business. Embassies are set up in each city while maintaining a friendly relationship, and the marriage of a politician is held. We will communicate and understand the people of both countries.

If the term is ripe, we aim to be a good relationship for national power. If you think of the difference between the Vidal Magic Empire and the national power of each Duke, it is desirable to become part of the Majestic Empire.

Even if Vandaloo is warm and friendly, it is too horrible to connect with neighboring countries that are different to the country that is conquered in the day if you like. Even if the Vidal Magic Imperial side keeps the current posture for ten thousand years, it is impossible to believe that the splendid grandson of the Duchess and the geniuses are absolutely erroneous.

Ulgen Terkatanis was also known to be a competent and cut-out predecessor, except that it was somewhat conservative. As my descendants are the same, it is not possible to have the wild that suddenly passed one day.

However, Vidal Magic Empire is not an ordinary country. It is a large empire that is far from the common sense of human society, such as undead and daemon, all the vida's new breeds, and the magical things such as undead and daemon.

The capital is located in the southern part of the Baangaia region, separated by the borders, and the kingdom of the horrible Noble Oak, which is said to be legendary, and the kingdom of the majestic. In addition, it is said to have the territory of the magical continent, which confirmed the existence of the S-class adventurer of the Amid Empire, and the continent of the magical king, whose monarchy was deceived tens of thousands years ago.

Because these incredible information was transmitted from Orbaum by early horses and magecraft, it was difficult to find out how each of the Duchess would do, the policy was broken, and I was forced to respond cautiously to hit the stone bridge. If you are pregnant, the size of the forces of the Orbaum kingdom is large and small depending on the duches. In addition, even if you are a Vida believer, it is not limited to the presence of an undead or daemon game.

There is a big difference between the vida faith of human society and the vida faith of the Vidal Magic Empire.

And there is a believer who believes Alda and its aboriginality in the Duke of Vida faith. If you aim to be a friendship with the Vidal Magic Empire, the Alda believers in Japan can be noisy, and if you are undertaking, it can be a conflict state.

In fact, the priest of the Alda Temple in the Duke of Arsabba said, “If you open the country in the窟est cave that is self-proclaimed as the Vidal Magic Empire, the man is food, the woman is a witch seedling, and the child becomes the sacrifice of the devil and the evil gods! And the corpse is undeaded, the soul will be ghosted and will be mercy!”

In that case, the first move was the Duke of Taccard Alcム.

He説d the alliance with the Vidal Empire and the relationship of friendship, as if he had previously prepared at this time. In addition, Brabatil, the Knight of Roaring Flame, one of the five Alcrem Knights, was believed to have died in the deprivation strategy of the former SCULA autonomy.

In other words, I confessed that the Vidal Magic Empire was tied closely from before.

Although I had worked with Vandalou before, many nobles and merchants were watching not only the aristocrats and people who serve the Duke of Alcム. If you are pregnant, it was the fact that you have given the honorary Count to Dalcia Zakart, the mother of Vandaloo Zakart, and have made something and convenience later.

No one believes, even if he said, “I didn’t know anything.”

There were many people who confessed the truth at the early stage and convinced that it was. I was surprised by many people that the Bardilia, who had lost both arms and the survival of Bravatille, was actually intact.

I see. At that time, the blood of a woman likes the other generation  s up, and I thought that I was going to enclose the Dalcia temple, which became known as the name ..."

“Well, it was a close relationship with the Vidal Empire from that time.”  

Why was it not aristocratic but a noble? Even if there is a sm , it will be a problem to make the thigh of other countries become aristocratic."

"It is, the appearance of cream, disguise, prosthetics and its usage is still......"

“Well, it’s like that. In addition, it is not the culture that the music has developed in Vidal Magic Empire"

"Vidal Magic Empire is not a military power country. We are proud of the high technology of alchemy, etc., and cannot be in文化ted in culture.

“Is it true that there is a rumor that a full member concert will be held with a member who has already debuted in Vidal Magic Empire?”

There were so many people who were convinced, but some people felt that they were deceived. However, it was suppressed by the circumstances that Arkurem said in the second half of the speech.

“There are people who have been blamed for the secrets of the past.” However, please understand. Until we defeated the Apostles of the Witch King Gudulanis!」estled in the kingdom of Orbaum, we could not reveal the true power of Vanderou!

That’s why all of the responsibilities were covered by the sixth St., the King Gラanis, and the founder of Ulgen Terkatanis!

At the time when Taccard Alcム passed through Vanderou, St. Rokudo lived in ‘Olijin’, and Terkatanis hadn’t yet betrayed the country in normal condition.

However, there is no one in this country to protect Dark Avalon, the wicked god of the mystery that revived the King, and Terkatanis, which caused the cata、phic damage to the capital of the country. In the middle of the aristocratic, there are not many people who want to keep their own in the past, saying, "Everything is the cause of Urgen Telkatanis!"

And it was great that Vandalou is the Savior who defeated Gudulanis. And he saved Alcrem once in the past.

T。 who remembered dissatisfaction were convinced that they would not be able to do that.

It was necessary to defeat Gudulanis to hide the survival of Bravatille and the fact that Baldiria was intact. We were convinced that "Alcrem 5 Knights"! Sasu is "The Knight of Thunderitis" and "The Knight of Thunder"! The truth is completely different.

In addition, it was also large that the claim of the Vidal Empire was moderate.

Reco ze the rights of undeads, daemons and magics recognized as the people in the Vidal Magic Empire. I'm looking for it, but I'm just admitting the right. Gour, vampire, and those who have罪d in the magicians do not limit the judgment in the law of the Duchess of Alcム as humans.

In addition, it is not to say that it stops to defeat the dungeon, the wild-and-dead, the daemon, and the monster that occurred in the mage.

In other words, if a part is removed, it will not change much. I was relieved by people. ...In the future, there should be a big change, but the people of "Ramda" who are pursuing daily lives do not think so deeply.

But from the other Duchess, the Duchess of Alcreme worked with Vanderou before. The truth of Vandalou is very fast, but it may be that you have guaranteed your status by working together. If you think so, you can’t think of it as your own position.

There were two Duchess that were quickly acting in the duches of the two. The Duchess of Burgit and the Duchess of Fゾン.

Before the Kingdom of Orbaum, the king of the beast was cured by the king of the beast, and the population of the beast was higher than the human species. It is also known for the power of the Vida Temple in the Kingdom of Orbaum, even after King Burgit became the Duke of Burgit.

The Duke of Billyt announced that it aims to conclude the convention of national relations, commerce and military alliances, fully supporting the Vidal Magic Empire. It’s not just the city of your own, but also the Orbaum through the substitute.

The current Duke of Billyt was a competent who 厭ed himself and at the same time was a realist. Therefore, it seems that the information of the Vidal Magic Empire took the action that I thought that it should build a friendship first if it is true even at one end.

The Arda believers of the Duke of Burgit were minority, and the believers were convinced that most of them were the country of the savior who defeated Gudulanis.

On the contrary, the Duchess of Fazon宣言d that the Vidal Empire closes its own. In the Kingdom of Orbaum, the Duchess of the Vidal Empire and the national exchange were also announced.

Duke of Fazon is a keen Arda believer who strongly supports the honeys of "five-colored blades" and puts power on the elimination of the magicians and vampire forces in the territory, and the people in the territory are overwhelmingly large.

Therefore, it seems that the demand for Vidal Magic Empire could not be changed.

Lucas Hartner, who heard it, reflexively tied to the Duke of Fazon and the Alliance, and thought that it should be countered by launching the anti-Vidal Majesticism in the Kingdom of Orbaum, the daughter Katie Hartner, known for the 。en, and his brother Berton Hartner, who once struggled to the Duke.

“Father! The Alliance with the Duchess of Fazone has no meaning! We are only a narrow range that the Duchess of Hartner and the Duchess of Fazone are in contact with us!”

"It's right on my brother! What happens because I tied the Alliance first! ? You know that you don’t have enemies with your arms. !? It's a mistake if you think it's an opponent of the game if you start the opposite party and increase your friends!

“My father, the north of Saulon is occupied by the former S a autonomy, and the south is divided into Iwayama, and the other is the Duchess of Burgit! There is no choice to build a friendship with the Vidal Magic Empire on earth!”

“On my brother, the other party is unclear what you can do with the undead or daemon! That’s why you shouldn’t give up s! Fortunately, the other party is a person! Even the magical manifested from a different world, it’s not the subordinate! If you continue to negotiate, you should know what you want!”

My daughter and a wise brother who is not good to be shy, and my face is red and angry. Is this a tribal blood?

“No, no, but what is the Temple of Alda?” I can also ignore the will of the supervisor.

While thinking of such a 鹿endous thing, I answered the loucus while sitting on the chair. If you’re a loving daughter or a disciple of abdo , you’ve been screaming. The powerfulness of the two people who couldn’t do it was great, and Lucas himself was a deep proof.

The Alda Temple should be ignored. I heard that people who were the Lord, such as the chief priest, had a strong voice, and actually there were only people who were not humanity and power.

"Katei!? Where do you want to know about it?"

If you want to hear the true opinion of the Knights, please call this office. Then I will talk without having to look forward to it.

"Belton, I know what the knights are like a肌 skin.   Even though there is no significance to the Alliance with the Duchess of Fazon, it was also good to take a deter。 posture. Contact Us Katy and relatives are good friends, but uncle Berton should be able to do something.

That said, Katy and Berton, who were chased from Lucas’ office, but they are not good friends. I met Lucas a coincidence today, and I noticed each other's goal to stay in mind the Alliance with the Duke Fazon.

“I’m worried about when my brother and me have met. You are a wise child who doesn’t have age. Why do you work with uncle Berten?

"No, it's fine."

“...I don’t want to keep up with yourの?”

“The uncle’s aim is to make your child breath to the Duchess of Hartner. But it is. That's the child's breath... I'm able to get married with my brothers."

"It's sorry"

ベルトaking with Berton, Katie, who has the ability of [Ulz], is still not crazy, he believed that he will be able to  apologize for the past actions he made in Tarosム in the name of "For the Duchess of Hartner".

It is hard for my father to guide the world of self-extingui , but thanks to this incident, Vanderou... It was helpful that it is becoming an easy-to-appoint situation for Talosム Giants. In particular, it is also large that people who have pronounced among the officials of the Alda Temple would have interfered with apology. Thanks, you can talk without being disturbed.

And Lucas, who has not yet noticed that there is a relationship between Vanderou’s identity and the pioneering village, will fall out of the knee when he later knows the truth, but it was still a matter of a while.

Just like the Duchess of Fazon, many of the people seemed to be the Alda believer, and the conservative thought of the Duchess of Jahhan also had a distance from the Vidal Magic Empire.

However, when he returned to his territory with Vandalu Zakart, he claimed the trade with the Vidal Magic Empire at the place where nobles and merchants gather.

Many aristocrats, temple officials, and merchants opposed the claim of Hadroth. Some of the people of the Duchess of Jahan were distracted by Hadros.

However, Hadroth, who seemed to be the Alda believer to many people, continued to speak rationally with a calm smile.

"T。, the teachings of the Alda believers and the presence of the Vidal Magic Empire are contrary. But remember. Vidal Majestic Emperor Vandalou defeated the King Gudulanis. And about five million sinners of Orbaum, the Knights,官s, and servants of Jahan, who had stayed in Orbaum with me, were helped him."

When Hadroth said at the controversy of the castle, the voice of blame was lost. The績 that defeated Gudulanis can not be ignored by Alda believers. If you hear from the knights and merchants who came back from Orbaum, Vanderou was fighting Gudulanis, and the people were not helpful. Vandaloo, who is working together with the Duchess of Jahan and the Duchess of Arcムm, can guess that he was fighting with the King.

"Of course, it is not necessary to follow the request from the help of life." The possibility of complete resurrection was completely lost. However, the threat of the King of the Witch does not disappear, and the severe mountain range that separates the land of Jahan from the sea continues to stand, the summer is short, and the same cold as last year in winter.

However, the Emperor Vanderou does not force us to change. I would like to hear some incredibles.

So when Hadroth says, Vandaloo, who was silent, opened his mouth instead.

“I am Vanderlus Ark Hill Willow Solda Zakart”

I think you know how to live in Japan. But I'm not going to ask you to be the same as my country in the Duchess of Jahan, but I'm not going to ask you to change."

Vanderoo continued waiting for the audience calmly.

“We pray to Alda as far as yesterday, and we will not be able to fight dangerous undeads and daemons that occurred in dungeon.”

However, I would like you to acknowledge our country. We would like to cooperate with each other to build a better future. That's it!

“Is it not a弁? I’m going to be a member of us in the end!”

The Marquis of Hadroth's political enemy shouted, but it was Hadroth, not Vandaloo.

"It's different." In the past 10 years, we have changed to the present. However, it has been.

The snow falls in winter. I was born, but I could not snow again. The same. We were asked to change every time a replacement or a new house opens. This is the same.

If you say to Hadroth, the Marquis has to be silent. Hadroth, born as a giant in his ancestors, lives and grows longer than anyone in this place.

However, there is a problem that you can leave the time flowing without knowing the neighbors at all. We are going to do events for cultural exchange.

If you are going to explore the secrets of Vidal Magic Empire, please join us!

Hadroth shuts down and the speech of this day ended. Vandaloo, a waiting room with Hadros, shed deep breath.

“Isn’t used to stand in front of people?”

“Eh, it stands in the Vidal Magic Empire, but it is still nervous in front of someone who is not familiar.”

“It’s about you because all of the people have face-to-face views.”

"And the shoulders are のed to make a lie that can not be said to be a lie immediately."

It was a great lie that it was not going to change immediately to the people of the Duchess of Jahan. In order to guide the aristocratic and its neighbors, Hadroth brought the conductor Vandalu in front of those who are responsible for the central part of the country.

And the event for cultural exchange is the sale of V-creams and Brad Potions, and the live of Kanako.

The center is a three conductors of Canako, Zadilis and Miriam, and plans to guide the people of the conservative Duke Jahan.

It is not going to force to stop Alda faith. However, we only guide you to faith in Vida instead of Alda. That’s why it’s not really good.

。 It should be embarrassed that I would like to travel to you and your婚agers who are governments for other countries. It is still easy to do because some of the officials of the Alda Temple and some of the "Shichiyama Sho" were missing.

Alda believer was born in the Duchess of Jahan. Probably the result of Alda’s command of God.

Thanks to the enthusiasm and powerful believers who received the deity, the forces of the Alda Temple were weakened, and the resistance of the Alda Temple was weakened in the Duchess of Jahan and the Duchess of Alcム. That’s why it’s really helpful.

“Well, are you friends?” Kanako is also a chance to win new fans. However, Miriam is not a wedding, so I will correct it.

Miriam seemed to be Vanderou as it was a good relationship with Artサー.

“In addition, the dungeon investigation has ended, and the connection with the division has become unlimited, so you can search on the magical continent and the magical continent at the same time.”

“I’m glad if you say that.”

Hadros Jahan is a valuable friend for Vanderou, like Miriam and Artサー. But they do not believe Vanderou as God, but they do not give respect and respect as a friend.

It is a valuable friend who does not try to build a statue or temple wrongly.

“Who are you looking for such a legendary continent?”

"A little diana is asked, and the bones of jeの"

"Is it a "month giant" in myth? "The giant of the sun" Taros's sister. And what is the relic of the Giant God?

"Yes, I can't tell you if I'm looking for a car, but I don't know it. Elizabeth asks for help.

。 Let’s go back to the event

Visited by Hadros, Vanderou is a Silky Zakart Mansion in Orbaum by Gaffadghan's [transition gate].

Then there was a good man sitting down to Elizabeth. Now she seems to lick her shoes.

“...The Transformer?”

"Vandaloo, how about it? "I'm sorry."

“I can’t beat Elizabeth, but I don’t see it, but it’s like a distorted person.”

Vandaloo stretched his tongue when she breaks down the silky and garden undead and licks her shoes. To make your ears look bigger and bigger.

"The Emperor Vendoru Arc Hill Willow Solda Zakart! It is a good luck to meet you! Why do we mercy the Duchess of Saulon and the people!"

However, the mutator ... the target of a man was not only the shoes of Elizabeth. At the moment you noticed Vandalou, you can put his shoes on the licking scene and lower his head.

"Vidal Saulon". One of the brothers who have survived their abdo , is like an ambassador of the villa of the Duchess of Saulon in Orbaum.

Listening to the explanation of Elizabeth, Vanderou noticed the identity of the mutator. ......I remembered my face with [complete recording technique], but I was sitting on the ground so I could see only the back head.

In the same time, the Duchess of Saulon had a written form of Wiedal. Now, the Duchess of Ruder Saulon, who reads the delegation to Elizabeth and wrote that he should be forgiven.

My comic version has been updated. Thank you for visiting Niconico Shizuku or comic walker.

Next story will be updated on March 10th.