Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 344: Hero candidates who endure

Thank you!

On one day, the adventurer of Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum, ルドld, has a feeling of tension, like a fort, with a big fight.

All ルドld staffs who have a certain degree of skill are aware of it. They examined whether it is an urgent request, and looked at whether certain adventurous parties are関係 related.

However, as usual, boards with requests written on paper leaves and bark do not appear to be hazardous or the appearance of new dungeons.

And there weren’t many people who seemed to develop in。erce論s and取s.

However, during the last few years, I noticed that the enthusiastic adventurers were at the center of this subtle tension.

However, the answers are not returned because they are just尋ed to ask what they are. I’m sure there was something in my colleagues, and I chose that the adventurers and ルドld staffs of my friends don’t get in touch.

And that was the right answer. If you are pregnant, it is not the content that you can speak even if you eat it. It is because they were not praised for the recent candidates.

"In crisis, it is also prepared for the crisis that Orbaum can not destroy...?" I don’t know when the crisis happens. Is it my own indefiniteness that can not receive God’s commitment correctly?

Adolescents who faced somehow have a gastrointestinal face, make a breath to exhale them.

"Hendriksen, it's not your fault"

“Yes, Hendriksen” Don’t come up.”

The people who gather in the same table as the youth, say that he comforts him. Hendriksen Haesen is the name of adolescents. It is a candidate of the world that was chosen as the "the goddess of the Holy。" Elk.

He worked as an adventurer in this Orbaum, away from the Duchess of Alcム. And more than ever before, I met with people who have been selected as God, and sometimes competed, and sometimes worked together.

Hendriksen repented his own behavior when he knew that the big incident that the deity of the revival of Alcム is attacked after the Duke of Alcム. However, I was relieved to hear that Vida believers have solved the role of Dark Elf, who is now an honorary Count.

And after the past, Vida reconstructed the idea that it is a great God that arranges Alda and his shoulder.

However, I didn’t remember my regret. I was working in Alcム, and I was unable to contribute to solve the crisis of Alcム.

That’s why we’ve polished our arms to help them when they had the same thing. And now it is time to demonstrate its power.

But God does not tell you how to do it. Do you just need to wait in the city, or do you want to explore the movements of criminal organizations, or do you think that the nearby dungeons should not run out?

It is not possible to go against God's Deposit because there is a big danger. But I don’t know how to be true to God.

However, can you only be able to respond immediately when you have something? Is it possible to avoid or solve the crisis in advance? No matter how much you think, there is no answer.

“What’s not, what’s the reason why I’ve been involved in the Mage King’s片?”

"Now, there is a party with a connection to the temple. “I’ll be able to understand what’s happening”

“Oh, there may be some delegation that believes the evil God, not the temple, or the residual party of the vampire.”

T。 who are on the table ... The adventurers of the same candidate as Hendriksen said. He, etc., and perhaps all of the candidates have received the same Godship as Hendriksen at the same time.

That’s why they had increased tension as they had a big crisis in Orbaum.

Each of him has already gained the power of A-class adventurers. There are few people who have applied to other party members in the past few years.

If there is a slight crisis, you can solve it if you move a set of Hendriksen. However, it is said that all of us have received the same deity that the big crisis that everyone must have.

It was a common recognition of Hendriksen.

Do you want to talk about the "five-colored blades"? In rumors, I asked Alda to revive the "God" Bellwood and gained their support. If he or herself, we may have more detailed information from the deity."

And the trend of the “five-colored blade” which is the S-class adventurer of the Kingdom of Orbaum is already known to Orbaum. There are many candidates who are considered to be the pioneer of themselves.

By the way, there weren’t so much candidates for asagiri people. For him, Asagiri is only an adventurer who is hired by the Duchess of Billyt. Some believers who may have some kind of God’s app。。, but none of them have a proof that they are going to hear.

“Yes, I should hear about it.” It’s not just a coincidence that they came to Orbaum at this time.

But if you think that there is an instruction to cooperate with the "five-colored blade" in God Deposit?

“I’m sorry, but I couldn’t hear it?”

What is the possibility? What do you think?

“I’m you?”

The leader of the Heart Warrior, recently referred to as the Director of the Army inルドld, Miriam pointed to himself as a surprise.

This is a few months since she joined Hendriksen. Indeed, Darcia Zakart’s Honorary Count stayed in Orbaum for about a decade.

Initially, Hendriksen was wary of Millium’s Heart Warrior. It was because he was a vida believer and did not hide the deep relationship with Dalcia Zakart.

However, there was no danger. Hendriksen was the kingdom of the Orbaum, who admits the Vida faith, and he didn’t think it’s dangerous because he was a Vida believer.

......They were still wary because of the outlook of the members of the Heart Warrior and the God’s deity. At first g , a giant swordsman who looks like a leader is a strong face that the head of the bandit seems to be more similar than an adventurer. The woman of his sister is a beautiful woman, but it is only seen as a vicious woman. Dwarf's magician is just awkward and horrible.

The swordsman of the ship with the longest adventurous history, and the swordsman of the beast whose limbs are all prosthetic are still seen normally, but the swordsman is chimpiling somewhere, and the 格man is rough.

And the true leader, Miriam is very common, so it looks like something.

And from God, "Heart Warrior" has been entrusted to God if it is dangerous.

However, it is bad to avoid "Heart Warrior" to dew bones, and if you take such an attitude with a request that multiple parties cooperate, it will be scolded fromルドld.

Therefore, Hendriksen from the Duke of Alcreme contacted the Heart Warrior. And Hendriksen knows how he saw her through color glasses.

“Oh, I want to hear your opinion.” If you look at it, you’re keeping the most calm of us. If you have any questions, please contact us.  

The strong swordsman Artサー is more courteous than those adventurers. The sister Kalinar is a woman who is suitable for the beautiful saint of the heart. Her brother and sister, Mageshi Borzo Foi, was a sage-friendly sensitivity to help her friends by痩 the body with slimming from dwarf.

The swordsman Simon of the arm and all the limbs of the female martial arts Nattaya were also the owner of a strong and精神 spirit that overcomes the hande in the adventure.

Hendriksen was convinced that he was also a respected person who assembles them. He is not able to say where he is respected, but it is still because of his own immorality that cannot understand her true value.

In addition, Artサー was chosen as the goddess of rain clouds, Bashas, and Calinear as the Goddess of Darkness, Zelzelia, and Borzofoi, the God of。dow, and Simon and Natana, as the gods of Vida, and Miriam were chosen as the same gods as Hendriksen, who earned all of these four pillars.

For this reason, Hendriksen, however, believes that Miriam is not only a Heart Warrior, but also a leader in the world that has gained the power of God like him. And it is unnatural that the “Horaijin” Alda has not been accepted, so this guess has not yet spoken to anyone.

Of course, theヘンulation of Hendriksen is very far. The three Artサーs were originally candidates for the gods of the Alda forces as Hendriksen, but now they are the candidates for the Vida family because they moved to the Vida side.

And Miriam, Simon, and Natana are just a vandaloo companion, and they are just looking for Vida.

And it is not that he entered as a spy in the candidate of Hendriksen. However, while interacting with the Hendriksen people who joined the request, I became friends, and I was certified as a companion to the candidates who were able to do so.

(I feel the difference in place.) I’d like to be騙ed by Hendriksen, but I don’t know what is true. However, it seems that I do not think about anything, but I do not teach anything to Hendriksen......)

Miriam, who thought so many things, gave me some answers.

“What I felt... I’m so uncomfortable, but maybe you don’t know what kind of threats are coming to God?”

If a strong believer is heard, it is a word that cannot be considered unrespect for God. But here is only the adventurer who has God’s app、、. It is not a very thin belief in him, but I see the reality of the day.

“I see... I see that way.”

“Gods are not all-。 and all-。.” It seems we have forgotten it. At all, I do not feel that I was sweetened to God while taking care of it."

“Is it that we have demonstrated the power of God because we know the effect by getting the protection?” Thank you for your understanding.

"Yes, yeah. Thank you for your understanding.

Miriam was surprisingly surprised by the re。ation of the next. However, it was the most important point for Hendriksen to see that there is something that God does not know.

If Gods are all-intelligible, Gods themselves should be lightly cleaned up, even if they give them an app。  to the people, to deal with the evil Gods of the Devils and the Witches of the Devils.

In the first place, the magic king Gudulanis, who emerged from the other world, should be destroyed without a summon of the者を.

When it was not possible, Gods are not all intelligent. It is a great owner who has a deeper knowledge than people, and far exceeds people, but it is not all intellectual.

In the first place, some of the gods who gave Hendriksen to God are the people who achieved great work. It is impossible to know all of this world.

“I know that God has a sharper sense of intuition and experience than us. However, I don’t know what to do and what to do.

That’s why we need to check out what it is, in case of crisis. What is that?

“Oh, it’s not such a thing...”

For Miriam, God is not all intelligent. God who knows well is surprisingly not thinking about anything, usually fails, and he claims to be human.

It was not the existence that the A Gods who fought in the continent of the King were superior to the people, and they were transcended.

Of course, it is not only about the opinion based on his own experience, but also the thought that Hendriksen people want not to contact the "five-colored blade".

“Is it too waste to provide information to the five-colored blades?”

“No, it’s not bad to hear about it. I want to connect my face for time.

However, because the relationship between Vandalou and [five-colored blade] can not be felt smoothly, Hendriksen decided to have contact with "five-colored blade".

“What is its role?”

"Of course, we do it with peace of mind."

“Oh, there may be things that Miriam do not know.”

Thank you. Thank you!

I didn’t work with the honeys, and Miriam sighed. Hendriksen was not only about her, but also consider the principle of Vida and the religious problems of the Alda Fukaze family.

“But Alda and Vida... I would like to cooperate with them by eliminating religious conflicts.” Only adventurers who are not belonging to the temple

She put her hands on the shoulder of Hendriksen, and Artサー said.

“Hendriksen is the best way to say you.” Wickness: When the God of Forzagibal revived, not only we and Dalcia, but also the temples of Alda rose together.

This time, everyone should stand up if you know that the crisis is coming to Orbaum.

“When I was living, Moxie and the town became dangerous for the dungeon ramp, my adventurers and the knights and soldiers were all standing up.”

"So, let's prepare now." For the time

That’s right. Let’s save your power and move it at any time!

I will go back with Hendriksen's Ordinance, which was encouraged by Art。 and Simon.

“No, it’s good? I feel like I’m deceived...”

However, Miriam couldn’t be a partner. I don’t say alsa, cinnamon, or lie. It is not that we are in  Hendriksen to those who are important to us.

However, in order to reduce the damage of the surroundings (when the sixth road was moved), it is only rooted to cooperate.

There is no point that I have spoken all the truth. However, the story of the reincarnation is suspicious to Hendriksen, and you can believe it. In addition, they are not the one who works the con y, but the other who is trying to prevent.

I'm trying to get involved in the fight with the transsexuals. If St. Rokumichi is aiming only Vanderou, it is. However, if you think that Rokudo Sei was done with ‘Origin’, you can’t think about him to be able to see the people who are unrelated.

Therefore, it is not a bad thing to ask for cooperation with Hendriksen because there is no danger of people innocent.

It's okay. They know the truth... after everything is over.

“Hihhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Is there any concern about Miriam?

"Yes, I'm not blowing anything about "five-colored blades", but I don't think it's bad."

“It’s right.”

Miriam, which was mentioned to Calinear, Bolzofoi, and Natana, was convinced other than the slightly behind it.

The Goddess of the Holy、ar, who gave Hendriksen to them, encourages them to cooperate with the "five-colored blades", or wary of Miriam and the likes of Vandalu, and does not commit Gods to drive the enemy, because Vandalu has been aiming to maintain the康 condition since they have not aimed at the candidates.

The confrontation with Vandalou is the purpose of the fisherman, but if it is the sixth sacrifice of the Terkatanis, it will give the interest of the fisherman.

As a result of preventing it, the candidates of Orbaum were just waiting.

At this time, we have already arrived at Orbaum.

However, the "five-colored blade" has not been visited once to the adventurer ルドld, and has not come to Asagiri.

Heinz's "five-colored blades" are time-consuming to collect information in contact with the Alda temple and the aristocratic of the Alda fusion, etc. than the adventurerルドld, and to make the bond of the fusion. It is precisely required by the priests and the aristocrats of the Fusion.

Since the Vida principle has been active, Alda Fuka派 has become a leap on this occasion when Heinz came out of the dungeon. We can’t control what they need for information collection.

Asagiri people believed that if they encountered unwillingly with Vandalu and their friends in Orbaum’s adventurerルドld, they could develop into trouble.

As a result, the candidates involved in naked things had maintained a situation that could move for people.

At that time, Vandaloo thought about Noronolo and thought about it.

What is Noronolo? Is the right thickness or number of books? Is the surface null or tera?

"Noronello"

There was nodd to play in the sea of tactile waves in a sneaked way, Vandaloo, Bander, and the Queen of Lamier, and Mali and Yamata.

“You’ll be happy if you’re running ロroロ with a strap.”

There is no taste in that sense. However, I want to know someone only recently with Noronolo.

"Yes, I can say who is just watching the手。. I want to distinguish the suction cups, scales and movement habits.

“I was surprised by the magic when I first applied it.”

“Is it true?”

"Truly." Mom's eyes could not be misのed even if I changed.

"Mari no Noronolo is a こcy from the beginning"

"It's not a ロroñolo, but it's a クne."

“Well, because humans loveママをs and tails... I’m always happy with my mom...”

“No, Vandaloo, I didn’t have any other matter?”

When Mari decides to increase the metamorphic ability of [metamorph], he said to the half-eye Expo, and Vandalou returned to me.

It was. I came to ask Mari for the clue to search for the sixth roads.

“So, I’m going to talk about Noronolo.”

"No Face"

Several手 s from the sleeves...the vandalu with a different type of tactile stretched on the surface such as sucker, scale, mofmuff hair, etc., the Expo shed breath.

“So what do you want to hear about Rokudo? I don’t know that...”

“How do you hide it when you do something hidden and bad?”

“Oh, yes, I’m not obliged.”

In the words of Vandalou, Haku is able to make a white flag early. I was deceived and respected to Rokudo sanctuary until the bander appeared, so I rarely know the true character and habit of Rokudo.

“I thought that, but I don’t know much about it.” However, it seems that if it is a complete principle or unexpected thing is happening, but it was a person who does a complete preparation unless it is)

“The preparation of the huフ and olidin was perfect if it was normal, so thanks to my God and the goddess, I was forced to do things.”

Mali, which was born in [Metamorph] for inconvenients, and bocole, which appeared to crawl out from the bottom of the sea of the手の。, said that.

Mali was used as a聖dow of Rokudo St. Actually, some of the six-way holy that Haku knows was her.

And Bocole is one of the experiments of the six-way death attribute magic research. I know that there is no personal relationship, but the cunning of the six-way, the arrival of the preparation.

“Well, why do you come out of that place?”

“Of course, because we were throwing ourselves to receive God’s blessings with our Goddess.” Gaエルel and Yukijoro seem to have not yet come out.

"Wow!? Gabriel!? Yukijorou-san!? Mash!? Why even you!?"

"No, you look like you're having fun... By the way, please take this sucker off..."

"Oh, sorry, that's my tentacle's suction cup."

It seems that the sea of tentacles was engulfing various people. This is because anyone who jumps in will be accepted, not just Mei. Only the sea.

"So, about Rokudou...I actually don't know much about him. I can imitate his personal habits, tone of voice, and facial expressions as much as I want.

　Like this.''

As Mari said this, she used Metamol to transform from her tentacle-like form to her Rokudou Hiji form when she was a human.

"Where would I hide important things and myself? It's difficult to guess. In 'Origin', I can guess things like abandoned submarines and small hideouts in Antarctica, but in 'Lambda', I don't think there's anyone who knows more than you...And when I took on the form I used to call myself 'Ark Avalon,' my personality seemed to have changed drastically."

Mari spoke in her Rokudou form when she was a human, and then transformed into an ``Ark Avalon''...about three meters tall.

"I don't know as much about Rokudou since he took on this form as you guys do. Should I say that his true nature has come out, or should I say that he's gone awry..."

"Of course we look alike, and even the way we speak is similar, but it's impossible to make memories and thoughts similar, so that's probably true. I also don't understand the Rokudou idea of trying to become a god."

"...Well, I guess so."

Mari, still in her Arch Avalon form, nodded at the words of Vandalieu, a god who insisted that he was a human.

"Are you sure you're going to protest against the construction again? I think it's better to give up."

“I don’t think we can win against public opinion.”

"Of course, we will firmly protest. Just because we are a minority, we cannot remain silent and not raise our voices."

Even though Pribel and Thanato admonished him, Vandalieu's resolve remained firm.

It is clear that the result will be the same as when constructing the giant statue of a god. Even though he knew that the will of those in power without the support of public opinion would be trampled upon, and the construction of the Grand Temple, a theme park themed around Vandalieu, would not be stopped.

“Or rather, you built giant statues of me in the great swampland and Lamia country where Scylla moved.”

"Were you found out?"

"Hi!? Rokudo!?"

"Ah, sorry, sorry, I'll undo the transformation now."

[Echo] Ulrika, who came to check on the situation, screamed in surprise when she saw Arch Avalon, and Mari released her transformation.

"I was surprised that it was Mari...so why was she turning into him?"

"Actually--"

After hearing the explanation, Ulrika nodded in agreement. However, she naturally has no information about Rokudou's hiding place or methods of operation.

``My pride was still high, so if Mari danced the dance she learned from Kanako in that form, wouldn't she come out right away?''

"I don't like that. I have a sense of shame too. It's not fair to dance like that. I can't stand it."

For Mari, dancing in the form of Arch Avalon, rather than dancing, seems to be humiliating.

“Then, all I know is that Vandalieu and his friends are hiding in a place that they will never find, in a way that they will never find.”

"Aunt Ulrika, doesn't that mean there's nothing we can do about it?"

"Hiroshi, we didn't realize at all that we were being deceived by Rokudou until Bandar told us."

"...Ah, yeah, that's right. I didn't even notice it until Bander told me."

Everyone was once again reminded of the perfection of Rokudou's acting and deception. However, it is understandable that Hiroshi, who was a child, did not notice this.

"...I see. Maybe we can find the Six Paths. Thank you, Ulrika."

However, Vandalieu seems to have thought of something.

“Eh!? What do you mean, Bander!?”

“Hiroshi, I don’t always have a connection between my body and my thoughts.”

"It's not a particularly brilliant idea. It's just a matter of numbers."

――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Tadano Nezumi

Rank: 1

Species: Imp Mouse

Level: 5

・Passive skills

night vision

Enhanced sense of smell: 5Lv

Absolute energy: 5Lv

Disease resistance: 5Lv

Physical reinforcement: Front teeth: 3Lv

Intuition: 2Lv

Fast healing: 1Lv

Ability value enhancement: Vandalieu: 10Lv

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 1Lv

・Active skills

Stealth: 5Lv

Presence detection: 5Lv

Breaking the limit: 1Lv

Cooperation: 1Lv

Command: 1Lv

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

〇 Monster explanation: Imp Mouse written by Luciliano

A rat that was given Vandalieu's flesh and blood and turned into a demon-type monster. It means a small devil mouse, and as a monster its fighting ability is low, but its intelligence is quite high.

Also, since its body size remains the same as when it was a mouse, its stealth ability is quite high.

Since they don't have special abilities like secreting poison, it would be extremely difficult to inflict fatal injuries on ordinary people, let alone adventurers, but they do have the physical strength to be easily defeated by ordinary cats.

Also, since he has a high level skill of [Ability Value Enhancement: Vandalieu], he can explosively increase his physical abilities by eating Vandalieu's blood and flesh. In the case of the Tadano mouse, it outweighs a medium-sized hunting dog.

However, it is still a monster that specializes in stealth abilities. Also, like rats, they have a high reproductive capacity.

Furthermore, it seems that Tadano Mouse, the founder of Imp Mouse, is currently the only one who has [Command] and [Vandalu's Divine Protection].

The next episode will be posted on November 19th.