Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 377: Birth of the new Duke Sauron

After three days, Vandaloo continued fine adjustment.

“、 the boundary, the sky above the Arc Mountains is not magical, so it is unprotected for the opponent flying the sky.”

The magical sky is an empty thing that was transformed by the magic. There are clouds that can be walked like the ground in the sky, and the island where dust is solidified in the air is floated, the atmosphere changes to gases, and the changes in the environment are remarkable.

When the pollution becomes even more serious, it becomes a dangerous spot even if you step into the water, such as when the gravity is working, or when the space is distorted and it becomes a maze without a wall.

The magic that occurs is different from the earth’s magical precincts, such as bird-shaped monsters, バーン species such as wiburn, giants such as cloud giants, and stalkers with gases, monsters that have become mazes, jellyfish that drift in the air rather than underwater, and skeltons and z es of flying monsters.

And the magicians often know and adapt the magical environment. When you move a little, you will be able to attack the monsters that dance freely from the right to the left. No danger for adventurers.

In addition, it is difficult to reach the magical sky because it is low but it is about two thousand meters tall. Therefore, there are few adventurers that can be challenged, and there are even less information about the magical sky that the adventurer ld has.

Even though the sky of this world is not covered with the magical sky, it is harder than underwater to keep the magical sky.

A vast land where the earth is contaminated to the magna, like the continent of the magical continent and the magna, and the escape place of the magna is not far from the sky. Or, the sky above the mountains where the alpines reach the clouds like the borders. It should be noted that the other sky should be in the magic sky first.

The sky is too much to adapt to the sky because it is far from the ground, so even if you run out, there is less damage to the ground. For this reason, countries don’t spend large amounts of money and research institutes, and they don’t have to send them to the sky, and there are only a few adventurers who don’t need to ask for fame and adventure to challenge.

In the magical continent, "Moon Giant" Diana is taking volunteers because it is easy to procure food from the ground.

"It was easy to move around the mountain range even the magic sky."

As Sam said, the sky of the boundary of the arc mountain range is still in the same position. The mountains and the atmosphere are not integrated.

"But even if there is a magical sky, Vandaloo is wary of the "five-colored blades" and "five-colored swords" do not have any obstacles?"

Vandalu, who asked Billde, who has crossed with Caア, answered, “Well, it might be true.”

“Even if the magical sky is too difficult for ordinary adventurers, it will not be difficult to pass if there is a way to reach the A-class adventurers.”

The rank of the magic that occurs even in the sky is high and about 10 degrees. If it is, it will be defeated by honey or wicked sword.

“But that’s what you want. If the magic is defeated by honeys and 'The Evil', the spirit tells me the secret of the man.

Vanderou has established a system that is led to him immediately if the spirit occurs in the boundary mountains, such as ar  the contents of the demons. And I already made the same thing as this arc mountain range.

In other words, the magic itself is an alarm device. Even with honeys, it is impossible to go through the mountains without defeating the monsters.

In addition, the sky is shining, so instead of the magical sky, it float the use magical king, and there is a lot of ghosts made from the spirit of the magic.

In addition, it is important to take a long time to make the sky above the arc mountain range such as [The Magic of the King].

“So, if you have destroyed the mountains themselves and attacked them?”

"If you do a事を thing like destroying the mountains, it will be an alarm replacement. ...In the first place, the mountain range itself is a goム, and if you want to break the mountain range and open a large hole, you will be able to kill a large amount of magic that is affected by the mountain range.

If you are a person who has the highest skill in the Heinz and the Heinz sword, you will be able to destroy the mountain. However, it is not possible to destroy the mountain lightly. You can use the skills such as [the descendant of use] and [the limit breakdown] to consume such physical strength and magic power and finally destroy the mountain.

If you want to go back to the mountain range, you can always know when you are preparing.

There is a gufadoghan when entering beyond the space such as [transition]. The use of the magecraft of her or more spatial attributes does not exist in a person."

"Let's show it to the expectation of the great Vandaloo."

Even if you attack in the way such as [transition], it is difficult to scrub the eyes of Gufadghan, the wicked god of maze. At least, there is no more space-attributes to the gods given to Alda.

Is it okay?

"Yes, it's okay, Paulina. However, it is not wary of a large attack from a bizarre attack.”

In the words of Vandalou, Yuriana, who led the Knights in the past, was eating.

“Is it important? The other party is the Amidian Empire even if the name changes. I think that the oil is prohibited.

In the past, she was the eldest sister of Arkurem. She knows the history of war in her country and enemy country because she is receiving advanced education.

But now, the history of Yuriana has changed.

“I mean, the aim of the Amid Holy Land is my life.” It is not necessary to obtain voluminous price by getting a cap  in both the territory and the treasure."

It is because it is not a person who is currently moving Amid because it is Alda.

Alda, who is God, shouldn’t weigh the politics and interests of humans, the戦争s of war, and the gains we receive.

“Of course, the people of the Amidian Holy Land will aim for them, and the kingdom of the Orbaum that I can cure as Alda and now is a target of attack.

But if you don’t kill me, you should win for Alda.”

The purpose of which the Amid Holy Land is moving is to celebrate Vanderou. Therefore, it is difficult to think that it will cause a big damage to the Vidal Magic Empire before it is known to Vandaloo due to odd attack.

So, you can try to sharpen the Vanderlus side's power, but it is not suitable for the decision. Before fighting Vandalou, it will be consumable.

If you are a member of the "five-colored blades" or "five-colored swords", you can divide the mountains, but their physical strength, strength and magic are。。. There is no means to recover as quickly as Vanderou's magical power.

In such a consumable state, they should be avoided to challenge Vandaloo slaughter, which is the purpose of your business.

However, it seems to be absolutely impossible. It is because there is not much time in the Amid国 country than Alda force.

However, the measures are well kneaded. As one of them, he has been admitted to the countries of the borders other than Talosム, the Higoリン and the Warriors of the High Cobolds, and he has also acquired the skills of [Usage devil].

In this way, even if you were attacked by the Amid  country without touch, even one of the warriors succeeded in exercising the [Musage], something was transmitted to Vanderou. It also increases the power of defense.

It is not very important as a means of information transmission, though it is already used in countries.

“I’m another question, but I don’t get my blood sucked and my blood sucked?”

“Yes, Van.” Rohen has been keen for many years.

“No, don’t worry about my world.”

In addition to Billde, Paulina and Lilyana were among Sam's cargoes, and Rohen, a female swordman of the Ryujin country.

However, Vandalou only sucks the blood of the building. It is not because it is frank to suck the blood of Rohen, which is not a friend or a friend, because it is the same as the real sister Paulina, the same as the sister Lilyana, and even the senses.

“It’s because it’s just because it’s almost no magic. It’s just fine adjustment.

It was a problem whether it was necessary. Because the large work was done immediately after the blood of the building was sucked, the reason for sucking the blood of Lilyana was no longer.

There is no hesitation in Vandalu, which also sucks the blood of Dalcia, the real mother.

In addition, the blood of the re治ed bandit sucks in a snack feeling, but in Vanderou, it is divided into different categories than the Lilyanas.

"It's a good thing about the need, so it's a van. When Van waits for an opportunity to breathe blood to restore the magical power, he will not know how many years later.

"If you are worried about our body things, it is useless! Our body is already adult!"

Pauvina also takes the same pose according to the胸iliana that振s the rich swelling and stretches the chest.

"It's clear if you look at it. I am happy with the growth of two people.

Vandaloo was nodded to see the two of the roughest ones. When I came to Tarosム, I was just reborn about two years ago.

Pauvina became larger than Vandalu in four months since it was born, and the Yuriana also looked bigger. And now, if it is the same size as humans, it is a big girl with a height of about three meters and a girl with a height of about two meters.

Even if you hear that Vandaloo is older than them, you will not believe that you do not know the situation.

“It’s Royen’s left...”

“No, don’t really care about it.” The elders of the country will beat again after they return home."

And the elders of the Ryujin country gave a fist, saying, “I need to dispatch someone to the Vanderou Hall from my country!”

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

Vandalu, who received the consent of Paulvina, said while stretching his tongue.

That’s right. You can also improve your skills. In order

The tongue is branched and the tip changes to the organs similar to the mouth of the butterfly.

“Yes, wait a little! I’m a different one!”

I heard such a voice that Billde was mel。.

“Is today a vanilla fry?”

This is the first experience that requires iron more than red rice.

At that time, in the Milg shield country, there was some success before reaching villages and towns by debating the crowds of magic that were overflowing from the arc mountains.

The people living in the villages and towns near the borders were delighted to report on the mage and the people living in a remote place were relieved. The upper part of the Milg shield country is the same. However, the reason is different.

That’s because it was by the support army that came from Amid。.

The Forts and Forts of the Milg shield country are protected by strong defenders and Knights. However, the enemy assumed is the kingdom of Orbaum, not the monster of the boundary.

However, if it was a magic of rank 5, 6, and 7, the Knights and guardians would not lose to the magic. There is a battle experience with monsters.

In order to prepare for the 。 knight built by Reser Waiburn, a breed that is easy to ride in the Duchess of Alcム, there is also a バーン knight that drives Waiburn.

However, it was unexpected to escape from the mountain range where the rank 10 Guam Dragon動く.

Even the belly that should be weakened with many 種 species is covered with harder scales than black iron, and it is a 嵐 class among the 嵐 species that emits the storm of the storm that tampers the wiburn with just a crouch.

This is the reason why we came from Amid。.

They got God’s protection, but they swept away the storm  s instantly and swept away from the other magical life if they were hand kneaded   knights.

Therefore, the damage of the fort and castle was suppressed, and the town and village were avoided.

However, at the same time, the Amidst  country came to mind the size of the war. If you draw a bow to the Amid Holy Kingdom, you must be the opponent who can easily defeat the magic that you did not have hands or feet.

So, some of the people who formed the upper part of the Milg shield country were trying to be independent from the Sect.

Originally, there were few people who think independently in the Milg Shield 。. However, it is a story from the Amid Empire whose main country built a rocky management system.

However, the rest of the upper layer was thought to be co-broke with the Holy Amid even if it succeeded in企 now.

Naせ, the Milg shield is bordered with the Kingdom of Orbaum. It seems that the kingdom of Orbaum will forget the resent of the past because it is independent.

I don’t think I can win the Kingdom of Orbaum only in the Milg shield country. So far, I only have to fight Orbaum while receiving support from the sect. So the upper part was thinking, but if I noticed, I had to make a big orbit fix.

Milg shield is a shield against the Kingdom of Orbaum. The Amid Empire had to change the name of the Holy Land. By the date that the Kingdom of Orbaum is occupied and the country is the unification of the Baangaia continent.

However, the future was closed even if  ttle due to the event of a marvelous earth that the mountains move.

One of the reasons why independents complained of dissatisfaction, "It is a good shield for the sect of the country, and the delicious thing is brought" was solved. If not, the Milg shield country does not act as a shield to the enemy country unless the mountains move again.

But at the same time, I lost the significance of existence as the country. Is it possible to continue the war with the Kingdom of Orbaum in this situation? What is the maintenance cost of the fort and fort? Is it possible to switch to the農業 country from now? Or is it a national demolition?

I don’t have any doubts, but according to you, the Holy Land, which is the main country of the sect, is not going to take something to the Milg shield country. Instead, we have encouraged faith.

I was worried about the future of Amid Holy Land, but I saw the upper part of the Milg shield country.

The situation was too short. I remembered that it is dangerous to make a decision whether it should be rudder either by Kyosei or independent.

“There is a 形の and a huge 足 that was in the sky above the moving mountain range...to protect our country from the emperor of the Vidal Empire who follows it.”

Milg shield king said that.

Of course, if you surrender to the Vidal Magic Empire by cutting his hand with the Amidst the Holy Land, you do not think that you will be able to fight Vanderou.

The kingdom of the Orbaum ... especially because there is a deep resent with the Duchess of Saulon, and the two hundred years ago, the history of being destroyed is in the Milg shield country.

In recent years, he has been invasion of the second Tarosム. It was a war that could not be reversed in the position of the Milg shield because it was the intention of the sect. However, the upper part of the time was not neglected. In addition, the upper part is a dumpire that the emperor of the Vidal Magic Empire ran away to Tarosheime with the guol that was whispered at that time.

There is no person who revived from the invasion strategy, so there is no reliable information on their hand. However, it was not possible to stop imagining the事態 situation for them.

If you are a Vidal emperor or the Duchess of Saulon, you should never forget that resent. The surrender is determined to be obsessed or obsessed with the条件 conditions than to be broken.

That’s because of you. It was a human-like idea to measure things by myself.

And the Milg shield survivors and adventurers of their own country had not noticed that they pledge to the Amid sanctuary, not their home country with God’s app。。.

In the area of God, Rodo Corte had added to the new candidates.

。 If you only have said, it is good.

There is a alda with a pile next to it. He commanded him to give him the defense to him that he was able to move a small portion of the stinged pile in Rodo Corte to strengthen the war force.

If you do not follow, you will be threatened to pierce the pile.

』

“I don’t remember my voice”

Alda pierced the tip of the pile to the amount of Lodo Corte, which was suing something.

』

Rodo Corte roars the shouts of the end-of-the-ear, but Alda continues to move around the stakes of the composition and spur his forehead.

“I’m also trying to deceive me and do something good.” You are only allowed to listen to my words. Nothing else. I'm not』ed anymore

Alda did not say to Rodocolte. It would be scenic, but it would be susceptible.

If you don’t do anything, you won’t be deceived.

The door to the dungeon, the lower part of our dungeon, in the Duke of Fazon was closed. There is nothing wrong with Vandalou.

But should you drop a few dungeons of the test of God on the Amid Holy Land? No matter how much you give it and increase your elongation, there is no significance because there is no experience to stretch)

Alda continued to walk through the world of ideals that only him can see, without knowing that the use of Lodcorte is independently moving.

Vanderou, after the fine adjustment of the Arc Mountains, was attending the crown ceremony of Elizabeth.

The construction of various temples and hot spring cities is the policy of the Duchess of Saulon. Vandalou is only aid, so if Elizabeth is not the Duke, it will not stop.

“Eri-chan, you’re standing up, you see?”

"I'm looking at it, I'm looking at it."

"I see from the right"

"From left firmly"

"From the ceiling"

ザsabス said the word of pledge to Dalcia and received the crown from her.

Amelia, tearing, and several Vanderoos, seen from her side and ceiling. Of course, Vandaloo is the King of Use.

In order to screen the coronation ceremony which is a舞台 stage of Elizabeth and Dalcia later, they are recorded from different angles.

"【Goddess descending】"

In response to the deter  of Dalcia, Vida becomes a pillar of light and descends to her. There is a voice ofヴィlamation from the people who gather outside the venue and the attendees who have a lot of Vida followers.

"We宣言 and bless the birth of the new Duke of Saulon in the name of the goddess of life and love"

When Dalcia宣言s that, while the vida is descended into the body, lightly mouth the amount of Elizabeth. Then, the whole body of Elizabeth was bright.

Thank you very much!

This is why Elizabeth was a blessing of the Great God. She was not known among the people of the Duchess of Sauron, but she was able to get the support of the people at once.

"O sister, congratulation"

“Gシャia! Gシャia Aah!”

The biggest thing in that was the cheer of Bakunawa and Pete. The presence of two people flying right above the buildings of the city is pressured to those who do not want to enjoy Elizabeth in the aristocratic and people.

"Erizabesu Saulon, Banzai!"

"Banzai! Erizabesu, Banzai! "

"Tadayuki Nagau's dedication to the gel, the great Naruv Idaru - the name of the two mosquitoes Imas!"

And the group of undeads, whose name is Elizabeth outside the venue, had a different presence.

A z e with a quirky face of the neck tilted at the beginning ... After being executed, it was undeaded. After that, Vandaloo is the z、es and skeletons created by malicious people who have crushed in the Kingdom of Orbaum.

There are members of accounting and office work when becoming a crime organization. It was undeaded by the trainees.

He is an Elite Undeadian, who was able to respond to the challenge of "Priority of Elizabeth than my command".

The order of Elizabeth has been adjusted so that it can be reversed to Vanderou, the creator, while irritating blood tears to mental pain.

......If you don’t see this, you’ll have a risk that the undeads will pump the intention of Vanderou and make internal政.

However, if you can get to this point, it will be useful because you will become a civil servant who can work tirelessly without betraying, leaking information, or engaging in corruption.

And the existence of undead civil servants serves as a warning that ``if you betray me, this will happen''. Those who considered Elizabeth to be too young for a duke and thought she would engage in corruption will be shocked.

In this way, Elizabeth's reign in the Sauron Duchy started off on a solid footing.

The next story will be posted on July 2nd after taking a day off.

Due to various circumstances, the explanation of the Skeleton Knight of the Dark Emperor God has been postponed to the next episode. very sorry.

The level of Bonejin in the previous episode has been corrected from 95 to 55.