Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 397: When the holy war collapses

Thank you!

"This is our Creator! It is said to help you! In the moment of creation! "

"No question! It is good to scatter!"

Butalion is repeatedly slashed and slashed with the magic that changed from the blood.

"I'm a warrior of Goul, who makes me happy!"

“So I say that the undead is allies!”

“Well, don’t you speak words?”

“It’s my Serif!”

"I can't defeat the undead!"

"Yes, I'll leave Vigalo! This Noro, I'll kill it! "

Don't beat it! Don't kill it!

Gigット is also the opponent of theクスs who have lost their killing with VIGAR , so the attention to the ground is becoming scattered.

“Let’s go out to the Holy Knight!”

The Pope Aileek Malme, who saw it as a favorite, decided to bring out his hand in the back of his preparation.

"The Knight of the Holy Spirit, the陣! The Knight of the Holy Spirit, the陣!"

In order to respond to the screaming of the soldiers who ran in the commandment, the carriages that the wings were waiting in, and the people called the Holy Knight appeared again.

“...Our Origin”

“Try to move”

Most of the people who appeared were able to see only those of the人の. In fact, the body of his or her body is only a malicious person who has no choice other than the extreme punishment if it matches the law.

However, the contents are different. The spirits of the gods of the Aldasian Alda dyna、. However, if you are pregnant, you can not endure unless you have a handful of dinosaurs. Even the candidates who have been given the advocacy are very limited to Artサーs.

But is it true that even if it is called a vicious person, such as just a bandit or a killer, it is true that the acquaintance who is born and caught by the C-class adventurer is indulging the spirit of the world. It was due to the company of Arda and Alda.

Ayrek, the leader of the Amid Holy Land, collected the supreme vulnerables with its power, according to the God of Alda.

Then, the collected polarity was disco、ed by chemical. I did not have any negative effects on the body, but it was a devastated person by disintegration of the personality only with a special poison.

Then, I dwelled in front of the spirit that Alda dispatched to the body of the remaining shell.

It is the same as the spirit of the 霊, which was once built by the god of Raiun, who used his own followers.

However, the quality of the body is overwhelmingly higher than the Fitun spirit. That’s why the Holy Knights are not strong, saying that the inside is the Holy Spirit of Alda.

At least, the time to endure the power of the spirit in which the body is in the body is shorter than the霊int. For this reason, Alda has made a further reinforcement to Aileek.

“I know what to do?”

Home For that reason, Alda took such a means."

“If you don’t have a 界endous connection...!”

The reason Arda took the same means as Fitun is that the border is surrounded by the boundary, and God and his armature cannot be directly descended into the boundary.

So, instead of 駆けing directly to the Heinz, he was trying to nail the Vanderu’s important fight, theクスs, Schne、s, and the Vagaro, or defeat them in this place to make a positive護.

“But do you want to abandon them? Do you have to tell them to leave?”

"It's waste, it's time." They wanted to become a sacrifice. The mid-careership is rude to those who challenged the Holy War.

To do so is to fight with the Holy War or to protect the Holy War. It is a fight against the war power that was the main of the Vidal Magic Empire.

Let’s go! Let’s start with a conductor of Goul on the ground!

"Time is limited!"

If you defeat the caア and billiards, who commanded Goul on the ground, Vigalo will have to get on the ground. Even if it is prevented, it is necessary to tear the forces to stop the Holy Knights.

I re the lords of the Holy War who weren’t pre-s rated what is the Knight of the Holy Spirit, and the Knights of the Holy Spirit 駆ed up to the lords of the Goul.

“Gluoooooo!”

“Galuruluo!”

Gours, who noticed the secretion of the Knights of the Holy Spirit, stand up with information in combat languages similar to the cry of the beast.

!」

However, the Holy Knights have already demonstrated the power of the Holy Spirit in exchange for the collapse of the body.

?」

!」

Just by swinging the weapons without stopping the Knights of the Holy Spirit, the Gouls who were on their way were blown away.

“Let’s stop people!”

“I’m doing it!”

However, the Knights of the Holy Spirit were amazed to come up and chase immediately after the ball.

“We’ve been thinking more!”

The gulls are also very sharp, equivalent to B-class adventurers, and the equipment is made by レア craftsmen by using the 片 craftsman who can be taken from Vandalu to be comparable to Orihalcon.

Don’t beat the 霊  Knights.

】

"[Make-up]!"

In addition, Gour warriors who judged that they can not stop unless they are supremely powered by the Knight of the Holy Spirit will descend the use of Zozogante, the guardian deity of the Gour country, and the contents of Vanderou.

“I’m surrounded by this!”

"It's okay! I'm going on!"

To defeat them, the Knights of the Holy Spirit need to be serious. However, if the body stops to defeat each other, the body will enter the limit.

In addition, this body is not a borrower and they have survived. Even if the body is destroyed, it will not die, but only lose the container to act on the ground. It is not life to spare.

"[Steel wall]! [Steel body]! Let's get closer to the チ and billiards!"

"[Limit transcendence! This is death!]"

However, the strength of the Vidal Magic Empire army stands out to the goal, and it increases acceleration. If you are pursuing the protection, you will be able to meet the opponent of the Holy Spirit for a while. I’ve been running to Undead and Noble Oak, not justール.

“Boooooooooo!”

"[Enhanced capacity]!"

“Gion!”

The sharpness of aucass and anビスs began to stand in front of them, and a person who pursues blemishes.

“Well, I’m here!”

The black goリン ninja broke out from the dead corner, Braga stinged the heart of one of the Knights of the night from the armor gap. In this way, he will leave.

In order to protect the world, the conductor of the Knight of the Holy Spirit has made a decision to threw the pride of the Holy Spirit.

“Let’s enjoy the hand in the back! Let’s move a piece!”

"Happy!!"

At that moment, the organs that are not in the human beings living from the inside of the Holy Knight were born, and it became a horrible form.

“Is it all about me?”

“Well, it’s right!”

“What do you ask for the undead?”

One of the Knights of the Holy Spirit whose heart is pierced by the Braga is a long finger-like organ created by a 鉤 claw from the back.

"Wow!? What is this missing!? What? Like Fujitsubo!?"

The fragments of Vandalu, descending to his body, said that the fragments are [the 脚gue of the King]. The 脚pod is the organ used to collect microorganisms in the water.

“What did you look at the nature of a missing piece? But what did you do?”

The negative influence received by the Demon King is not crazy because the owner of the body who was abandoned is receiving.

However, damage to the body becomes accelerated. Therefore, even if I ignore the emotional problem, I did not want to put out until I can catch up. In particular, the Knight of the Holy Spirit whose heart is penetrated is forced to obstruct the hole of the heart in the body, so it will not take a minute later.

If you cut it, the purpose will be achieved.

!」

っ

The quintessential knight of the [Vice arm of the Magic King], born the fourth arm from the left and right shoulder, shakes the fist.

The back of the Holy Knight who paradated the melon body of the King of the Witch will rise unpleasantly, and irritate the spirit of the Gour through the unpleasant neural waves.

The Knight of the Holy Spirit is unknown, but the liquid that causes a conditional abnormality was put on the weapon.

“Hi, Hi!”

"[The 片 of the King]! It is dangerous to get a distance!"

And the screams of the Holy Warlord who is supposed to be ally, and take the distance from the Holy Knight.

Even if Leonardo and some British Knights use the Armor of the Magic King, it was said that "It must be won", "It is necessary," "The Armor of the Magic King" is not only a tool, and even if used, there is no physical body and spirit," the generals were convinced on the surface.

However, it is not heard that it is used until [the 片 of the King] and cannot be convinced.

[The 片 of the King] becomes a different form when used, and the spirit of the user gradually becomes crazy. And if the user is completely crazy, he ran out to join another [片] and die, he will move independently looking for a new destination.

Not only physiological problems, it is not used in the battlefield where no one knows when to die.

That’s why aleks were concealed except those who devoted all to the faith of the Holy Spirit Knight, the alda, and the alda. I didn’t try to deceive anything.

"The sheep of the sacrifice is ignored! I think only to fulfill the sacrifice!"

But the Holy Knights ignored the things of the Holy Warlords who they call the lamb.

In addition, there are many people who cover part of the body with something translucent, those who have multiple heads, those who have a huge ant or bee-like jaw on their arms and legs, and those whose whole body is covered with black minerals.

However, there is no difference between the dead soldiers with great power. I thought I could be pushed off.

"[The王 of the King of the Devils] is theぼ!

っ

A vampire standing in front of the Knight of the Holy Spirit who ran the head by振ing the Demon King, pulled his vice arm with both arms, destroyed the joints.

"I'm doing a security company!? I can't do it if I get injured to the security target in this degree!"

The black rebound blood is peeled off and screamed, and the mileage of。ing. He is a vampire under the Vandalu distribution, who is the president of the警備er guard company in the Duchess of Alcム, and he is a 霊endous one-on-one with the spirit of Fitun in the past.

“This vampire style is...?”

He was the Knight of the Holy Spirit who was trying to grow his vice arm again, but his throat was satisfied with Miles.

"But the blood of the霊noro style of the spirit disqualification is unpleasant and you can drink it."

“You! We are the prosperous “God of the Law” of Arda

"[Sound Slasher]"

What is translucent ...... The Ganglion of the Witch King was defeated by the body in the middle of the word.

“I see, this is certainly not enough.”

“...What’s the current martial arts?”

"Oh, it is a sound blade that releases using the cavity inside the bone sword of Vanderou"

“It’s a great martial art, but I can’t be rewarded.”

And Vandalou brought me as a support arm [definite] Randolph and Meolilis were standing in front of the Holy Knights.

"[Silph's ringing! ] [Otsutsuchi of Noh]! [Otosu]!

Meolilis quickly hits the spirit magecraft, and the Knight of the Holy Spirit who pulled the back was wrapped in the wall of the air that blocked the sound, pushed up from the bottom of the rock, and thundered by a thunder made of magic.

"Weak"

"What is the wicked one?"

Meoriris is surprised to defeat one by one without a response, spreading [the 脚 of the Devil] from the left and right like the wings, and the Holy Spirit Knight goes on.

"[Jintetsu ripping]! But it's like this."

However, the 鉤der of the Miles is broken down and crushed. He ignored the scream of the Holy Knight and continued to calm.

"The quality and equipment of the body is bad compared to the middle of Moxie's dinosaurs, and it is weak and natural."

The same as Fitung’s 霊ch, the physical movement is not affected by the 霊ch of the King. However, because the Knights of the Holy Spirit have demonstrated their power, the body that collapses is strongly affected by the王action of the King.

It is not possible to demonstrate the power of the King's erosion in the body of such a half dead.

"It's right, but it's not oiled. Home

However, as the words of Randruff, the na、ness of the Holy Knights does not end.

【New host! Let's join! Let's join!】

【The Deputy Arm of the King】, [The Melon Body of the King], [The Ganglion of the King] unleashed from the body of the Holy Knight collapsed and ran out and moved to search for the same as the new host.

The lords of the Holy War were surprised that the lords of the Holy War used the lords of the Witch. For this reason, [the 片 of the King] goes towards Miles, Landorff and Meolilis who defeated their former host.

“Have you sealed!”

However, there are a lot of magic items to seal the 片rant [the 片fact of the King]. It is because the battlefield is the most likely because the power of Alda is expected to use [the 片 of the Devil].

』

But the spirits again stand.

"It's like the other!"

“Goul’s Commander is Now! Goal Changes! Let’s Nail the Randolphs of True”

The kings who lost their belongings were defeated by the Randolphs, but remained on the ground without returning to the gods of worship.

“Is it possible to replenish it with the spirit when I try to seal the 片rant 片facts? ”

"Sound! We only fulfill our lives!"

“I see, as you say Miles, it’s not an English spirit. The霊dow of the Holy Spirit!

』

However, the power of the people who are not suitable for the Holy Spirit is real. The Spirits, who are in charge of God’s power, are equal to God for combat. The strength is different for each individual, but it is said to be equivalent to rank 14 on average.

The Randolphs are not easily defeated, and the vidal empire army's sharpness is said to the opponent.

And there are more than a decade left the Holy Knight.

!」

However, the surprising support army appeared on this topic.

"Everyone will support you! Enclose the magical fragment!"

Some of the most common candidates participating in the Holy War began to attack the Knights of the Holy Spirit, the Witch, and the Spirits.

“A, Andy, You, Have You Touched It? “God of the soldiers”

“I’m really good! What are you doing?

、ing that, there was a young Andy of the former guard.

“If you’re a member of the King, you’ll lose your hands! And what if you’ve ran out in the Milg shield or Amid? You’ll die hundreds of thousands of people, and you’ll lose the country if you’re under the arm!”

“How do I work with Undead and Goul?”

Andy grabs the thorac。 of the priests who want to stop themselves.

“Is it necessary for the world? I choose to set up an undead and hand to seal the “the 片 of the Devil” rather than using the “the 片 of the King”!”

And when I 暴ed the priest, I had a short spear on my back.

“But, according to the Pope Ayrek, it is a new Devil’s 業...”

“I’ve come out of the horsepower that we have kept in the midst of the Holy Spirit Knight.” In the Ordinance of the Prince Ariake

In addition, the obedient priests, whose maze is said to be, and while suppling them to Zarez, who is instructed to stop by the gods, Andy has thrown a short spear towards the Holy Spirit.

Of course, even if the unexperienced Andy joins the戦, the war situation of Randolph is dramatically improved. In a mental manner, he said, “There are people with bones in the mid-side.”

The Holy Spirit and the Knight of the Holy Spirit seem to have been shocked by the behavior of the candidates who are the Andy.

"Yes! I hear you, I'm working with you!"

"I'm sorry, but I don't give the left hand of Zandia"

“It’s not meaningful to work together!”

"No, it became difficult to distinguish enemies."

However, it was great that theクスs descended from the sky and joined the warline.

And in the sky, Vandaloo, who released his gigット from the deficit of the soul of Gudulanis, recalled him who is going to panic.

――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Schneider

・Race: Underworld race

・Age: 60 years old

・Two names: [Thunder] [Noble Slayer] [Truth King] [Dragon Slayer] [Female Killer] [Aviator Manufacturer] [Stalion] [Savior] [Goddess] Son-in-law] [Beloved by Alda] (Unlocked!) [Evil God Slayer] [Self-proclaimed old man] [Fake Saint] [Survivor of the Demon Continent] [Friend of the True Demon King] (NEW!)

・Job: Kekami

・Level: 71

・Job history: Apprentice warrior, warrior, martial artist, magician, demon warrior, battle mage, martial artist, light attribute magician, berserker, dragon fighter, fist saint, kicker, adventurer, super warrior, super mage, fist god, holy kicker,

・Ability value

Vitality: 204,909

Magic power: 125,522

Power: 30,667

Agility: 39,505

Physical strength: 33,715

Intelligence: 7,622

・Passive skills

Abnormal status resistance: 10Lv

All attribute resistance: 10Lv

All ability value increase: Small (Awakened from all ability value increase!)

Increased attack power when unarmed: Maximum

Presence detection: 9Lv (UP!)

Super energy: 2Lv (UP!)

Physical resistance: 3Lv

Ability value increase: Adventure: 1Lv (Ability value increase: Awakening from adventure!)

Super self-strengthening: Adventure: 1Lv (Self-strengthening: Awakening from adventure!)

High-speed regeneration: 1Lv (awakened from high-speed healing!)

Magic recovery speed increase: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic power increase: 2Lv (NEW!)

Vitality enhancement: 3Lv (NEW!)

Dark vision (NEW!)

・Active skills

Fist Divine Technique: 8Lv (UP!)

Dagger technique: 10Lv

Throwing technique: 4Lv (UP!)

Transcend limit: 10Lv

Demolition: 6Lv (UP!)

Muscular Armor Technique: 1Lv (Awakened from Armor Technique!)

Stealth: 8Lv (UP!)

Non-attribute magic: 1Lv

Magic control: 8Lv

Life attribute magic: 10Lv

Light attribute magic: 10Lv

Wind attribute magic: 3Lv

Cooperation: 10Lv

Magic fighting technique: 7Lv (UP!)

Cooking: 2Lv

Non-sword technique: 4Lv (UP!)

Spearless technique: 4Lv (UP!)

Axless technique: 2Lv (UP!)

Mutakujutsu: 2Lv (UP!)

Munaginatajutsu: 2Lv (UP!)

Fast thinking: 3Lv (UP!)

Chant discard: 1Lv

Angel Advent: 3Lv (UP!)

Myojutsu: 3Lv (NEW!)

Fire attribute magic: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Growth promotion: all ability values

Takema

eternal youth

Vida's protection

Vandalieu's protection

Protection of Farmaun

Zantark's protection

Tiamat's protection

The next story will be posted on November 17th.