Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 66: Chaos after the world is saved (Origin)

Thank you!

The world's major incident named "Avalon Controversy" was changed from the birth of the "Origin" world, and about half a year passed.

Now the world is changing in the lead form of Sergey, who was officially appointed as President of the State.

"The Battle of the Scandinavian Union and the Republic of China increases the intensity. “I can’t see the end of the African conflict...”

“Euro is back to the薬.” How many years are there?

However, there is no significance that the peace before "Aberon conflict".

However, this world may be the second World War. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

【Abalon】The six-way holy was defeated. All of his subordinates and acquaintances die, and the experiments they created are not left alone. There are no research materials and experimental equipment.

However, the abdo、 and subordinates of the large politicians, military people, and crime groups of the countries that have been given to Rokudo holy, the organization was built as it was. The only part of the top class among his cooperators and supporters, such as the President, was invited to the home of the Sixth St. John.

Therefore, after the incident has been completed, it has been chased at the beginning of the world. It is the nation where the President Sergey succeeded to deprive the政権 by the Coupetor that ended most closely and earlier.

He wants to shake his strong power, and he washed the six-way cooperators from the government and the intelligence agency of the United States, and then restrained. The arm is God-like, and everyone was surprised by his unprecedented work, not a former military, politician or an intelligence expert.

It was possible that Sergey had almost completely seized the army. Of course, because he was from a military and deprived of the政権 by a coup, Sergey could not hesitate to宣言 an emergency declaration. Restricting the human rights of the public, and the 権 of the six-way collaborators and acquaintances was bound by the ex ous power that cannot be blamed at the time of peace.

It is one of the major factors that can not be public to provide information from the spirit of the former president and the secretary of the intelligence agency that Vandaloo is attracted by you.

And then, it was Japan that expressed normal national management ability. It was not because the Japanese was excellent, but there were some reasons.

First of all, Japan was limited to the influence of six roads. The power of Prime Ministers and Ministers is not large because of the nation and the 。. And because many members of [Bevers] are from Japan, it is likely that the plan will be depressed if you get many cooperators and supporters in Japan.

The sixth road at the time of this thought was just a few members of the Yono Party, the police, judicials, the medical industry, and the upper part of the bureaucratic organization. ......But it is a serious situation, but there are cases where the intelligence agency was riding in other countries. It is still a lighter one.

In addition, there were many people who were influenced by Vandalu, who appeared in the "Origin" world because of the nationality. It is about 〇 · 1 percent and a few, but more than 100,000 people are encountered with Vandalu.

Japan is an allies of the United States. For this reason, Sergey succeeded in rebuilding Japan by working together as the stable of allies.

However, unlike the United States and Japan, which expressed the ability to operate the country earlier, Europe and South America continued confusion. It is impossible because the president died and arrested many of the side. Each country chose a new president by election and appointed a new minister. However, the new government is composed of non-top-class politicians other than the cooperator of St. Rokudo. It is not only acquaintance and charisma, but also lack of ability and experience.

Therefore, there are countries where the government is not stable and is already the second presidential election. The safety was worse, and the presence of the countries that were free before was strictly limited, and it was no longer possible to leave without passing the examination.

It is the name of the earliest joint, and it will be divided if customs are put on trade.

However, if the confusion is in the inside of the country, it is still mashi. The Republic of China and the Scandinavian Federation were sent back to the center of each country by the six-way bombs that they had served.

He was involved in the ambition of Rokudo St. in the state of Gurumi, and provided non-humanistic experiments with unfamiliar orphans and minor humans among his own people, and the victims of the investigation of Rokudo St. and the victims of the investigation of Rokudo St. All revealed and international criticism. ......It seems that some countries in Europe and Africa had a purpose to look at from their own responsibility by pursuing the responsibility of the Republic of China and the Nordic Union.

The Republic of China and the Federal Republic of Scandinavian discussed measures in each country. Reconstructed the government by the person who lost each. This area is the strength of socialism and communism that decides national leaders, regardless of the election.

However, the power of the government of both countries is weakened. I。re the international convention and be intact.

In addition, both countries supported the study of the dead attributes of Rokudō. It is not only humans used for funding, research facilities, and human experiments. It has changed to a debt by the reverse of the six-way, for the correct meaning of researchers, workers, security guards, etc., and for the convenience that we have seen so far.

The behavior taken after the切りping of the six-way was also bad. Although it was impossible to confuse due to the descending of Vandalou, I released the repetitive shooting and increased the number of counterattacks I received.

The new top that I don’t want to leave the seat of power, the number 2 and 3 of the people who want to stand at the top, and the ability to move as an independent opportunity of the world.

[Bevers] was moved by a request from the United States, and he was busy to prevent生物orism in the purpose of deprivating dangerous weapons such as bio weapons and nuclear weapons of the Republic and the Federal Federation, and to commit conflicts.

The world of origin is stable now. At least, it is not in the world war, and there is no large slaughter.

“Massaka’s dispute is a good deal.” “It is clear that the country will be a profit of our country”

"The land that is too large is divided by the country's division. I think about the事

“I can’t tell you about Haku and Pluto.”

“Oh, I can say that no matter how much it is, the power of the nation is flattered, and I can understand what it is in the current situation where international organizations lost their power.”

“...I don’t want to go to China or Northern Europe without mistake.”

The deric thunder of Kanto Izumimiya, Iwao of [Titan] of [Amber] from the mission. And [Druid] Joseph Smith said silly about an adult problem that can not be done just by ideal.

“Now, how do you shed the video when the soul of Vanderou descends in the Federal and Republic? It is also occupied by a TV station.”

"Iwao, sorry, but the information control of the Republic of China and the Nordic Union is close to perfection". The police or army should be avalanche as soon as the video of Vandaloo at that time.

The spirit of Vandalu, who has descended from the retales of the Republic of China and the Nordic Federal Republic, backed by the sixth road, to protect the outside world from the magic of Arc Aberon.

Nowadays, there are many people who have a different appearance, but there are few Chinese and Nordic people whose information control is strict. For this reason, there were a few people affected by Vandalou in both countries.

And Vanderou is basically generous, and it has a spirit that is close to love when viewed from the Rain Palace. However, humans who are not related to them will not interfere with them to kill them.

If Chinese and Nordic are stormy, it is only recognized that humans and humans who have never met on the opposite shore are killed by themselves. President Sergey, the world’s most famous Vanderlust, is first acting on their own interests, and then the interests of the Alliance.

So, the influence of Vanderou...I think it is important to increase the human being that leads, but the upper part of the group that splits between the two countries seems to be a human who does not even lead Vanderou.

“It’s the same as ‘Earth’, and the world’s Chinese and Nordic countries don’t like religion.”

“The Nordic world of Azumimiya is said, but Russia of the Earth should have a religious religion in Russia.”

“Is it?”

“I know the knowledge of the earth”

"It is said, but it is not that Vandaloo is directly helping even if there are more people who are compared to Vandaloo. “As a result of a self-helping effort, it was only helpful.”

As Joseph says, Vanderou does not directly interfere with the ‘Origin’ world after the ‘Aberon’ dispute. It is only a person who meets with a dream or watched the video, etc.

However, the led person receives the effect in this world without the status system. No, it can be said that the system can be clearly effected by the minute letters and numbers that do not exist, but it is effective in a wider range than "Ramda".

In the subtle example, there is an example such as the rise of the led result vision, the immunity of the disease increases, and the survival in。ct alone survives the extreme situation.

"Joseph, we expect it. If more people affected by Vandalou in China and Scandinavian, they will be able to cooperate with each other to finish the internal disturbance.

And the expectation of the Rain Palace was not directly intervented by Vanderou. Humans who have been influenced by Vandalou have a strong tendency to remember a certain kind of affinity even if they originally believe in other countries, foreign people, and different religions.

It is said that even if there are many people, it will have great power if it exceeds a certain number.

In addition, it is impossible to say to the people of the rainy gus [バー Bars] without expecting Vandaloo. It is a尊敬 that collects respect from the people of the world of "Origin", but it has drastically lost its trust due to the "Aberon Dispute" incident. It was a six-way saint who was the leading executive of [Bevers].

However, the lead human who solved the incident is also a member of [Bevers] and social ba。 is not so big. It is also thanks to the government’s presidents and their neighbors were involved in the Rokudo St., and that the Chinese Republic and the Nordic Union could be an easy-to-understand villain.

However, it is impossible to move the state to them without ba、. Because they are not a politician and are not a politician or a powerman who is supported by the people of the Republic of China or the Scandinavian. In order to stop the conflict of both countries, such as [Bevers], it is only possible to silence with sacrifice.

Then, if you execute it, you will only be able to add new power to the conflict of both countries.

There is also a way to build a relationship with local forces and cooperation to the Republic of China and the Scandinavian Union, and to win a dispute and establish a new government.

The goal is to divide two countries, which are a large country by a dispute, and to balance them.

“I think that the two countries are too different from Japan.

"I think Vandalou also agrees about it. I met this dream, but I was a little bitter.

“I’ve been awkward.” Well, I can't do it."

In the world of ORIJEN, Vanderou handled a wide range of cases of the Aberon Dispute. Alien "Joney Yamaoka" has become a huge figure, demons revived from hell, mice that were embodied by the trajectory accident of the Death Attribute Magic Research, devastated gods, giant magical organisms created by the magic experiment, and failed works created by St. Rokudo.

However, it became known that the President Sergey sent out that it was God, and it was clear that Vandalou had protected the world.

After that, it is a discussion about how to treat Vanderou in each religion in the world of origin.

It is a matter of politicians and enterprises, though you might think what is doing when the world is confusing. There is a problem with religious houses.

Vandaloo is a fan of “The 8th  ding” who rescued the roots of “The 8th 導きding” as much as the truth is that “The Undead” was the God. This is a group of politicians from existing religions and politicians from all over the world who supportリストorists.

Now, he has built his strength as a major religion called "The 8th 教ding religion". The most famous believer is President Sergey.

All the people who were the Lord of his政権 are led by Vanderou, and the conditions of human resources that are collected to create an intelligence organization are “experience encountered with God in a dream”.

His final goal was to make all human beings ‘the eighth religion’, and to encourage Vandalou and Pruto to the various facilities of the United States. We are trying to create theme parks, movies and animations based on the theme of “The 8th Text”.

In addition, there are few people who learn the rebellion in the strong posture.

The treatment of other religions is various such as descended angels, reincarnated gods, but it seems to be hard to incorporate them into their existing mythology system. It seems that it would be ignored if possible, but it remains clearly as a picture, and now it seems that it is not possible to negate the "God" that gives the guardian.

...... Buddhism seems to give up early adoption of religion, "He is the neighbor who came from the universe."

And now, folklore, religious, oc。t researcher, etc. are tied to various legends and distributed on TV, magazine, and net.

If you know it, it is impossible to a . ... mainly because of Sergey.

If you don’t like it, don’t lead people, don’t invite them to a dream, and don’t give them a護.

Because of the video recorded by Vandalou, and the teaching of "the eighth teachings", it is guided by hand. It is not that Vandaloo is trying to guide himself.

When it comes to dreams and advocacy, it is only that the accidental wavelength is encountered instead of being consciously invited. When I encountered it, I did not catch up, listen to the story and spend time, and I like it, and I would like to add it to the souvenir, so I can say it is self-service.

It is impossible to人々 the people of the "Origin" world in Vandaloo, which became part of the "God of Origin".

“What’s it? Are you talking about the mission?

There is a newspaper in the hand.

"I'm。ish... I'm。ish. “When will it be a peace?”

So, when the rainbow says to the prosperity, he faced the face.

"I can't see the end, it's always a thing."

When the rainbow raised the face, he asked what it meant, the prosperity answered.

"The struggle is constant, the disaster is affected, and the実行orist was committed and executed. Nothing has changed. The sixth road and its class disappeared, and now it became easier to come out to the table."

“It’s right.”

Hiroto Izumimiya was feeling that the scale fell from the perspective of the Yangtze. As he said, before that, there was no complete peace before the Rain Palace rebirth in this world. War, crime, and disaster occurred.

Indeed, the common purpose such as the dying dysfunction and the realization of the new world that Rokudo St. is crushed, and the cumulation of each country and crime organization is no longer chaotic.

That’s it.

(Six-way: I made this process very difficult due to our re生ers. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

He is a member of [Bevers], and he is the same rebirth as the rain palace. So I didn’t feel the responsibility of the rain palace because of the sixth road.

However, don’t you think of it? I heard the words of the temple.

“What is the aim of the Rain Palace to be a World Peace?”

"There is nothing in the United Nations in the Yangdo and......! The presence is quite di , but ..."

"It is a problem that you do not have to calm down as much as before. I can’t meet you all the time.

"Oh, there was a problem. It was bad

[Bevers] is currently active in the United States. There is no critique in the current situation where the nation has strong influence on [Bevers]. However, as Derrick said, the presence of the United Nations and the power of remarks are also diminished, and there is a situation in which there is no country that can be spoken to the United States.

“Tの’s for the Expo and the Pluの: It’s not the world where people living in six-way experiments.”

“You’ve forgotten...”

"It's different! I've just renewed my decision!"

“No matter what you’re surprising, you might feel comfortable living in the rest of the world?”

I re erectile couple brawl and Josév continues to talk.

“Now... there is no net, TV, or game on the other side, but there is Vandaloo. I made an  park for the Pluto and Expo, but I may have made a lot of things now."

“Truth, Bocole, Yukijoro, Gaエルel, who was with her, will not come back first.”

"In the world of this one, there is a series that is still aiming for the soul"

“Eh, no matter how much you get caught”

The criminal organization that seeks the dead attributes after the "Aberon Dispute" incident has ceased later. T  who know that there is a success example of arc abalone, which is not public, are蠢ing in the back of the society in search of the strong power that can not destroy the irritation and man。.

There are no research materials and experimental records of St. Rokudo, but there are still those who were not collected in the Agito of the cooperators of St. Rokudo. Some of his実験 had succeeded in mastering the Death Attribute Magic in the lion of [Metamorph], and there was an experimental body that can use the Death Attribute Magic in addition to her, and the eld of the warrior had a high possibility of having the magic of the Death Attribute.

Based on these information, the military’s secret arms, and their own private armies, etc., which are committed to criminal organizations and unlawful activities, are aiming for the deter。. And the best candidate in the place where the dwelling is hidden, they guess.

"If the president of Sergey's strategy goes well, I think it will be downfire. That's it.

JOSEF’s mission is to announce the research results of the Death Attribute Magic that the States has independently.

Of course, it is a deception work by false information instead of actually doing research.

"Death Attribute Magic" fails with more than 80% probability. Even if it succeeds, it will be deceived by a false information such as changing the spirit, making it a non-controllable carbohydrate, and mutating to a complete undead in a short time.

If you explain the undestructive behavior that is not the previous one, you will be able to generate power to false information.

At the same time, the nation flows the magic item of the dead attribute to the market. We have announced that it is a magic item such as intractable disease treatment, fertility treatment, hair growth agent, etc. made by developers protected by the United States.

This impairs the scarcity of the dead attribute, and is made up of special products of the most common country. In addition, it is expected to increase the power of announcements conducted by the nation.

If it is not possible to lead to irritation. There will be people who do not stop trying to achieve their goals. However, the number should be reduced.

“After that, it’s whether Vandaloo is s。rated. There should be no good memories to create magic items in this world.  

"No, I told you when I met with a dream, but I said it. I'm thinking about coming here soon, so I'll talk again at that time."

“Who did you have a nap?”

“Derrick is more important to get Vanderou’s cooperation?”

“It’s right...”

!」

Misato Shichimori of [Aクレpios] was rushed while there was a sleeping habit on the hair.

“Oh, I don’t want to be familiar because I’m older...”

"It's not a thing! Vandaloo is coming here from now!"

"From now!"

Amemiya and the others were surprised and couldn't help but cry out.

"Yes, I'm here now."

Immediately after hearing a grating sound, Vandalieu appeared from the void.

“Vah…!?”

“Yes, it’s me. ...If you come with your whole body, it's difficult to move, probably because the laws of physics are different. I feel like I can’t even make a sound.”

Vandalieu continued talking to Amamiya and his friends, who were frozen in place, with only his upper body emerging from the void.

``I defeated Rokudou again in another world, this time completely, but various things happened after that, so I'm trying to set up a clone in this world so that I can come and go more easily.

"Now Me-kun and Hiroshi will be able to see their parents more often, and they will be able to directly reprimand Sergei for his actions...I'm sorry, but it's still too harsh for me, so I'll go home now."

“Hey, wait a minute! What the hell happened over there!?”

``Next time I meet Youdo, Joseph, and the others in a dream, I will explain it to you, so please ask them. Oh, and please give this to Sergei and the others.

Also, Mae-kun and Hiroshi have made friends here and are doing well.''

Dropping the crystal-like thing that grew from his hand, Vandalieu once again disappeared into the void.

When Amemiya picked up the crystal, she felt that it contained a large amount of magical power. This is probably the death-attribute magic power used to create magic items.

"If I could meet you in a dream, I'd probably talk to you sooner, but I guess that's not possible."

To Vandalieu, Amemiya and the others are nothing more than Me-kun and Hiroshi's parents. Although I feel disgusted with him, I don't hate him, but I have no intention of ever getting closer to him.

"That's the way it is. I don't have any signs of being influenced by that guy either. But that doesn't mean anyone thinks they're the same as the people of the Republic of China or the Nordic Federation, and in fact, isn't that true?"

"That's right, you don't have to worry about it. Good people and bad people are not divided by whether they are guided or not."

Amemiya nods ``Thank you'' to Derrick and Joseph's comfort, and reports to Sergei that he has been entrusted with the crystal in order to do his best as Hiroshi and Mei's parents.

Afterwards, Amemiya becomes involved with the president and his aides who missed the chance to encounter God, asking, ``Why didn't you call me!?'' But Amemiya was undeterred.

I plan to post the character introduction on March 25th. After that, I'll post the character introduction, take a break, and then start the next chapter.