Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 64: Results of sending custom-made clothes to a single woman

For Elizabeth Saulon, Vidal Saulon is not a family. I was recognized as an enemy.

It is the rival of the House of the Duchess of Saulon and is the enemy as the opponent who is aiming for his own life.

Elizabeth, who was younger than now in the civil war, was cata。phicly defeated by the rudel family and the Vidal family in front of him.

The roots of the mother Ameria Saulon and the rumors of the saccharities were rumored, and for this reason, "Elysabス is a suspicious child of the Duchess of Saulon".

I know that the mother had been hospitalized for a long time suffering from the spirit was the con、、y of the eld behind the leem sand and the chief of the 院、try. However, the rumor that the mother was chased by the spirit, and the Count's con、、ed work was definitely the cause of the rumor that the brother of the abdo。 in front of me.

This is common in political battles, so you can’t make enemies too much in the social world. It is common to flow to water if you return it.

In fact, Amelia was hospitalized for a long time, and now it is difficult to say that it is a little normal, the main cause of the con  y of the leem sand and the director of the 院 try, and Vandalou returned well.

However, Elizabeth was still too young to pour past things into water.

(If there is an opportunity, I sat down and apologize for the mother's thing, licking the shoes, kicking up the jaw when I really licked, and saying "I'm going to make the shoes clean, I'm not saying that it's spit and dirty." Home

“I’ll do anything! I and my hands will give you all the evil行s of Elizabeth and Amelia! I will also give you all the information on the brothers of Ludel! All I know about the confidential information of the Duchess of Saulon! So please let me peel off my face!”

“Oh, yes, can you calm down?”

One of such hatred opponents, Vidal sits on the feet of Vandaloo. And he crawled a little by little.

There is no color of bitterness on the face, and there is only a na  expression that can only be seen as if it is aphrodisiac. I don't think it's the same person as the brother of the face.

The brother was sitting in the same way at the feet of Elizabeth until Vandalou came back. If she asks her to lick the shoes, she will lick until the velvet and the shoes are worn down.

(No, I'm feeling bad.) In addition, it seems that the days when I was fighting to see such a thing suddenly seems to be a deer. Let’s stop licking shoes and kicking the jaw)

Elizabeth decided to stop the main revenge plan that had been kneaded. Mainly because the vidal is bad.

“How do you do the Duchess of Saulon? This is due to the current Duchess of Ruder Saulon, but I don’t suffer from the deity of the Duchess of Saulon, or peel off the skin of your front or the face of Ludel.”

Thank you very much!

(In addition, even if you don't have a direct hand, it will be useful as you wish)

Vidal is listening to the words of Vandalou and 聞いてing hopes on the face and lowering his head many times. But Elizabeth remembered his opposite impression.

As far as Elizabeth knows, Vanderou does not say “Okaya” when you call others. It is a word used for opponents who have negative s such as enemies rather than others. Even though the name is similar to the country name of the Vidal Magic Empire, the friend seems to be not remembered at all.

In addition, he said, “I suffer from meaninglessness” and “I get rich with my face”. That's it.

On the contrary, Vandalou tells that if there is a meaning, it can suffer the people and kill the vidal and ludel.

However, Elizabeth thought that he chose the word so that he could not lie.

Vandalou occupies the former S a Autonomous Region and has been destroyed several times for the de ing of the army by Ruder Saulon. As a result, the number of generals who lost the Duchess of Saulon is not limited, and there is a lot of fees paid. The citizens have been forced to pay high taxes to compensate for the unsufficient soldiers and to cover the lost war .

In the first place, it has influenced the financial  of the Duchess of Saulon when the tax revenue from the former S ar Autonomous Region has disappeared.

For this reason, Vandalou is not able to say that the people of the Duchess of Saulon are not suffering. ......If you are an ordinary aristocratic, you may say "not suffering".

Vandalu has a solid root to make Ameria. In particular, as the current Duchess of Saulon, Luder cut off the Iris’s Resistance, he doesn’t have a good feeling.

That’s why Vandaloo, who carefully followed the vidal, asked Elizabeth.

“How do you want to do it? I think it’s too much to do it at the present stage to make it publicly punished like the former predecessor of Telcatanis?”

“I didn’t think that I’m talking about it, but I agree that the public わわ is too much.”

In addition, Urugen Terkatanis presided publicly. The sinners were announced at the Square of Orbaum and hanged on the squeezed neck.

I was in a responsible position as a predecessor. In addition, there is no room for emotional drinking because there is no trace such as being操ed by artificial magic, etc. or prospering poison.

In addition, the people of Orbaum have lost their valuable assets (though there are many people who have changed to Daemon). It was necessary to convince the punishment of such people. ......If the support of the people above, there was a danger of the central aristocrat that Vandaloo could not happen without doing anything.

However, the wife, child, and relatives of the former Terkatanis were unrelated to the incident, and it was difficult to detect and stop in advance from the behavior of the former predecessor.

However, the Marquis was deceased and he was paid a heavy money, so it was end up as a noble. It would be easier to sell all the remaining assets and become plains.

The same penalty as the predecessor was Vidal and Ludel, and Vandaloo and Elizabeth were too much to do.

“It’s better to say that the Duchess of Saulon will proclaim to the Vidal Magic Empire, but if not, the reputation in the Duchess is not good, but it’s not bad, and it’s not bad. If you are assass  or suddenly dead to someone during this time, even if it is not a public punishment, you will see that it is not different to kill it.

If you believe it, it will be troublesome. I want to associate with the Duchess of Saulon.

"And Vidal was the attitude. There is no reason to 座 the opponent who says to sat down and deduct all. However, why did you become so sad? However, I didn’t do anything at any time.

“I don’t know what I’m doing.”

“I think it’s probably because we noticed the power of Vandalu when we rescue him?”

In the words of silky that came into the room without sound, two people convinced that "I see".

Vidal, located in the house of the Duchess of Saulon, was folded around the eyes of Vandalu and his fellow forces at the time of evacuation, and it was until today.

"At that time, we were not able to afford, so it was difficult to do hospitality like a customer ... I was treated somewhat, and I was not sure."

“Oh, I said that the Duchess of Saulon sent me an instant surrender.”

“I think my heart is broken, it’s the goodness and ability to act as a noble.” Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

So how do you want to see the Duchess of Saulon?

After slightly evaluating Vidal, Vanderou asked Elizabeth the future policy for the Duchess of Saulon.

“So, it’s a story that’s too much for me.” So, I finally wanted to become the Duke of Saulon, but recently it was just the subject.

I think I would be the Duke if I asked him, but I decided to be the Duke again.

Amelia, the mother, became one of the emperor of the emperor of the emperor who has the power of the country and military power far beyond the Dukes of Saulon. At this point, Elizabeth has been doing well. ...... I didn’t feel better than I imagined, but I was able to sit down to the vidal.

If Elizabeth was the chief of the faction that led a lot of acquaintances, she would not be able to understand even if she was convinced. I can't be able to abide by the supporters and supporters who have worked hard so far.

However, the back shield, which was mainly aid, was aimed at her physical body, the former leem sandwich during the hospital life, and his take-up. The zona and magcts that were followed by other than the masheria.

They didn’t know that they could be different from Elizabeth.

“I see. Then, it’s up to the next step. If Rudel re、ed and deducted the lord of the Duchess to Elizabeth, I think it is reasonable to be the lord of Elizabeth.

“...What is the Duke’s name?

“I’m okay, I’m going to work on my head-hunting excellent writers. The neck is connected just by hanging.

And I can help if I need it.

“My husband, I know that it is too wasteful to say, but I’m working too much.”

Thus, the Vidal Magic Empire’s policy for the Duchess of Saulon was decided a lot.

At that time, he received a report from Vidal, and the report was destroyed.

And to the 術ld master of the 術ld of Polvaux and the magician who called it, he kneaded the former Skulla autonomy ward of the name Vidal Magic Empire and searched the information on how Orbaum is currently in the intelligence organization.

Ludel, who did not see what he was doing in Orbaum, couldn’t believe that his mind could be broken or that he would be able to believe in the report of Vidal and the information from an already reported intelligence organization.

However, I didn’t know that I could have a system of cooperation with the Duchess of FAZON and the Amid Empire, the host country of the world, and the Alliance.

If you are wondering, only Ludel and his close proximity were 乱ed to the Vidal Magic Empire by seeing the Widal report. And remembering the a。 is because only the generals and civilians who knew that the Duchess of Alcrem was behind their own during the作戦 S、ar's autonomy deprivation strategy.

Many general citizens of the Duchess of Saulon were very welcomed by the Vidal Magic Empire. And he called Vandalu, who defeated the King Gudulanis.

Because the Duchess of Saulon is a land where faith in Vida, the goddess of life and love is prosperous. There is no reason to confront the country that is blessed with Vida and the emperor is cured.

There are people who want to see the undead and daemon that Vandalou can follow, but it is not very impressive because the general citizens have heard only in the way. Or, because it is an undead or daemon that follows the savior who defeats the King, I think that it is a special undead or daemon.

It is not actually seen about the new breed of Vida.

No, I can't return the palm in the opposite direction, "If Vida recognizes it." The impact of the savior that has been praised by Vida is large for the people of the Duchess of Saulon.

It is not true that the people forgot that they have been fighting for years because they have been deprived of the former S a Autonomous Region. The people are remembered firmly ... as a dismantlement of the Amid Empire and Ruder Saulon.

The first time the former SCULA Autonomous Region was taken by the Amid Imperial who occupied the Duchess of Saulon. So the Amid Empire is bad.

The Duchess of Ruder Saulon was not able to be affected many times. Even if the tax has risen, the devil is bad for the sons and brothers to be taken to the weapon.

There are many people who understand that the cause is on the Vidal Imperial side, which acts as the former SCULA Autonomous Region.

However, many people in this world are not interested in politics. It is impossible because there is no opportunity to relate to politics unless it is a large merchant who lends money to the aristocratic, a person who has a higher position in the temple, a person who has a higher level of knowledge such as A and B, and a知識.

There is no media that informs the people. It is a談 of the sings and商s of Ginyu遊. There are newspapers issued by commercial ルドlds, etc. in the city, but the amount of information is not far from the media of modern "Earth".

Therefore, many general citizens can not think about the situation and remain misunderstood.

Elizabeth said the reign of Ludel is “well, not bad” but it is evaluated if it is not against Vanderou. If you choose to fight against enemies, the evaluation of the people will tilt at once towards the negative.

Ludel wanted to solve the misunderstandings of the general public, but soon realized that it was a bad thing. It is because it is blame for Vandaloo, the savior to solve misunderstandings.

This is an eight-way blockage. The Duchess of Saulon, whose principal system is the same as many countries in the world, is not able to maintain the administrative system if the army is weakened.

So while Ludel was conceived, the spiritual state of Ludel has changed from the ingenuity to the despair that resembles a 観enditure.

The Duchess of Saulon was defeated only in the midst of the former S。a autonomy and the 。gue. In addition to that, there are several powerful vampire, a 体の of the serpentry flying over the sky, a giant bone flock from the royal castle to a giant ghost ship flying over the sky, a witch or z。e to kill the witch around 10 ranked by fist...and a group of hundreds or more daemons.

It is not a fighting force that is very enemy. Even if the historical 業 of connecting the Alliance with the Amid Empire, a long-time enemy country, it is only transferred from the Milg 。ding country to the Duchess of Saulon.

After that, it is only crushed by the old SCULA Autonomous Region and the Duke of Alcム.

“It’s the last that I’ve lost from the Amid army, and I’ve lost my desperately, and I’ve ruled hard... I know that I’ve been to Elizabeth for the first time!”

Ruder Saulon, who hit the fist on the throne, wrote the document that he held a pen without force and 。 the Duke of Saulon and gave the Duke to Elizabeth Saulon.

The kingdom of the Orbaum, which is composed of the twelve Duchess and the twelve central twelve terrains that are regarded as the royalty. In that case, I have not decided the attitude to the Vidal Magic Empire.

Duke of Arsabba, who was delayed due to the noise caused by the Alda Temple officials.

Duke of Cobitt, who produced the present King.

ソンed in the south of the Duchess of Jahan, the east coast of the Bahngaia, the Duchess of Dison with a strong pellian faith.

爵ed in the east of the royalty, the Botin faith next to the Duchess of Dison is relatively strong.

More enthusiasm to commercial and art than faith in the south of the royalty, the Duchess of Pirchekov.

And the human society and Vida’s new tribes have been fairly affiliated with ... conversely, the Duchess of Lext, the Nichiganism.

First of all, the Duchess of Cobite was the son of the lord whose lord was cured by the Duchess, and he was on the Vidal Magic Empire. And the Duchess of Dison, the Duchess of Zektoa, also on the Vidal Magician side for geographical reasons.

The Arsabba d'Orthodox declared the neutrality as the Ordinary of Jahan, because the power of the Arsabba is large. ......I don’t know whether it keeps a neutral posture even after the Duchess of Jahan became neutral.

The Duchess of Pilchkov, for a while, stands between the other Duchess and the Duchess of Fゾン, in a neutral position, and was a measure to obtain commercial umami. However, it is confessed that it is not admitted even in a neutral position because it is harder than the anti-Vidal Empire posture of the Duchess of Fazon. Therefore, I decided to go to the Vidal Magic Empire.

And the Duke of Lext was still trying to continue to see the Nichiganism, but it was placed on the new tribes of the Duchess of Burgit and the Vidas in the territory, and finally gave up the Vidal Magic Empire in the form of semantics.

This is the anti-Vidal empire, only the Duchess of Fゾン. Duchess of Jahan in the provisional Neutral, which is planned to be the devil of the Neutral Asabbba, and later become the devil of the devil of the devil of the devil of the devil. The other Duchess became the Vidal Magic Imperial.

There is a temperature difference in the attitude by each Duke, and it seems that the inner trajectory such as the Duke of Lext seems to be transparent. Thus, the Alda faith of the Kingdom of Orbaum was abandoned, and the environment where the Vida faith was filled was started.

At that time, the reconstruction and reconstruction of Orbaum and the civilization activities of the Duchess of Jahan were held in the continent and the memorandum of the King.

“The shape of the continent has not changed so much. There is a lack of edges, and the bottom of the sea is起d.

“I heard that the continent of the King was changed once, so I thought that the peninsula was destroyed or the continent was broken.”

"Maybe it was just a face change." I don't want to dig deep underground and  tivate it."

“Oh, so did you come back again?” You may be able to see the majestic of caves in the underground area.

"And because it was covered by the magical boundary, I did not have much influence on the flow of time for tens of thousands of years. Thanks to the作業avation work, you will be able to do it.

Mole, kera, crab, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, etc.

The memory of the king was absorbed by Vandalou. That’s why Vandaloo was able to remember the memories of Gudulanis as they were.

Vandaloo was using the di。 work of the remains of the mythology era. However, the continent of the King is still a magical thing, and it is difficult to work with the use of the King who is not for combat.

“Vandaloo, can’t spread too much work range? I can’t reach my eyes.”

That said, it was a huge contrary to the monster. In addition to her, "Yamahie Ryujin" tiamato and Baknawa came to the continent of the Witch as an escort.

Thank you. I'll care

“What is the comfort of the wearer?”

On this day, Dana was wearing a true giant variant made by Vanderou, not the usual armor. The leotard-like body has a deep slit skirt and high appearance exposure. The armor part is a tiara that protects the forehead, a long gloves from the elbow and knees, and a light armor that protects the fist and foot on the kneehy socks.

Thanks to you, we can understand that the proportion of the body will be well-aligned if the size of the body is the same as human. The white shiny skin, rich chest swelling, the hips are。 and the legs are stretched beautifully.

“Yes... I think it’s too light to wear? I didn’t have any pre-war bundles, but I think it’s too thin.”

That said, while looking at the face of Dana, whose eyes are reddish and the eyes of the cheeks, the demons responded to the distant eye.

"It is a technical limit, not known"

The true giant is the same as the   and beast king. The diana was also a huge body of about 100 meters, so the material needed to make the mortar was huge. It was even more important to make it.

When I say precisely, I was able to continue to make for many years without having to spare a lot of effort to make it too big.

Reinforcement, Conjunc  Generation, Strength Auxiliary,力ary Power Auxiliary, Blade, Shock Resistance, Cold Resistance, Heat Resistance, Power Resistance, Poison Resistance, Light Resistance, Disease Resistance, Self Restoration, Deformation Speed Increase, Other Deformation Pattern Addition, Underwater 活動ability, Flying Ability .........

Human technology. It has hundreds of thousands of capacity for true giants.

For this reason, Vandalou decided to reduce the capacity of the disguise. ......It’s never a good reason.

“My brother and brother are wearing light clothing, but does it affect?”

"No, it is a technical limit." However, you can try to increase the decoration. What do you do?

We propose to reduce exposure. However, Diana said, “Beyond that,” and turned around in front of the demons in order to show the appearance of the costumes. The wind blows the skirt, and the use of a heavy machine of about 5 meters in length swings a little.

"What do I see now?"

I think it is cute. The beauty of the legs is dazzling.

The diana of a sneezing wearing a new clothes looked like Vanderou, so as not to change as a child of a human woman. It is because only her legs are seen by Vandaloo, who watched her through the use of the ghost that praised the beauty of the legs.

。 Never have I ever... You have also expressed that you will give the bones of jeの...

“Oh, you don’t have to be able to receive a different variant, and you don’t have to give the jewellery?

Diana asked Vandalu the relics of “The Great God” ーノ. However, Vandalou is not going to present it as a replacement condition to wear a variant, so I corrected it.

“Is it true?? Well, it’s not enough to defeat Gudulanis before.” My brother and Tiermatt have said from before, but I don’t know that.

Home

I feel that something is a big misunderstanding. Vandaloo was trying to ask for it, but before that, Bakunawa ran and ran.

"I'm sorry! I'm not working!"

Home

"Bakunawa! Now, I'm going to step on the part of Vanderou!?"

。 Comment

In the hands of Bakunawa who stepped down the King of Crab Use, there was a Cabtomushi Type Use Magic King who just spasms with pimples and small pieces.

"Oh, if I thought the connection was disconnected suddenly, it was crushed."

“How do you cure this world?”

It is impossible. The brain is crushed.

Bakunawa, who was attached as a escort, was still young mentally (in fact, about a year since he was born), so he felt like a picnic rather than work. Vandalou also brought Bakunawa to bring his son to Orbaum.

The use of Bakunawa is a witch king created for the toys of Bakunawa. I made it with sturdyness, but it seems that I could not withstand the yamcha of my son.

"I'm so sorry, I'm sorry."

Bakunawa, who knows that the King of Use does not come back, has the maze of the King of Use with sadness to the chest ... It is said to be a penalty with a large mouth that is vertical from the neck to the stomach. The crab-type witch king, who has stepped down, also licked and eaten without leaving the shell fragments in the tongue stretched from the mouth.

“Bakunawa, did you know the value of life?”

。 Don’t break it wrong?

"I want to know"

"What is it? I remember anxiety when I look at it. Can I rethink it?"

Dana is sad about the death of the王 (Utama King) and sees the baknawa that became a step adult or mellow. I didn’t reach the ears of Vandaloo.

"I'll prepare an alternative use wizard"

』

"But I don't call the body at first...?"

......

It is only the main body of Vandalu. You can't create a new demons by yourself. ......If you can separate from the beginning, the number can be increased, but it is not made new.

For this reason, if you want to relied on the main body to Gwhadghan, the main body came from the王dow of the demons.

"I've been transitioning?"

"No, I guessed when I tried to move, but it is based on the magecraft. Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

"In other words, it is possible to move the main body and the person and the thing in the place where there is a messenger king in the future, and conversely send the messenger to the person and the thing in the body and another messenger place."

It was very convenient. It is a classic pattern, Bakunawa

It’s amazing. ありがとう

Vanderou praises Bakunawa, who chews the scent of the scent and the crocodile sword King. Now Vandaloo’s footwork became lighter. Since there was no distance limit to the connection with the original Mage King, he was able to arrange the Mage King in the world if he cares about it, and freely ... It is also possible to jump around the person who is in the world in the body.

"It's amazing, but it's likely that the number of the body will increase."

"Increase the number of body... Can you try it?"

"...You might have slipped your mouth."

"Vandalu, I found it!"

When Vandalou tried to challenge new contraindications, the マmato that has chased the baknawa came to hand something small.

"The bone of zepineapple! It was in the mud of the bottom of the swamped swamp! "

Only one can discover the memory of the king who has been interrupted for over ten thousand years. It is the bones of Oriharcon's samurai and its de。s, which were buried deeply in the battle, and "the Great God" Zeko and "the Long Emperor" Marduk, the Veterinary God" Gampaplio.

“Isn’t the tip of the con』?”

"Thank you, Tiermatt"

“Oh, I have blood on this bone.”

』

"It's useful." The bones of zepineapple were greeted by diana.”

That said, Vandalou jumped on the hands of the tiamato in [flighting], lifted the bones of the ze。 with both hands and brought them to Dana.

“Oh, thank you... Vandalou, there are things you need to do other than bone, but is it good?”

“If you can prepare for me”

It was Vandaloo, who had thought that he would like bones as a talisman to congratulate his father, Zebra, but he did not think very deep in the demand of Diana.

“Blood, bone, meat and internal organs... I want important organs if possible.”

"It's me, isn't it? Well, important organs ... [The heart of the King] is not yet. What is the brain?

In other words, Vandalou poured blood in the hands of Diana, gave birth bones and meats, and put on the brain created with [the brain of the King].

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

I noticed that Vandalou was, but Diana said, "I received it," he sw。ed the bones of ze。 next time when he put the blood and various things of vandaloo on his palm.

“This is why our children should be born after a while.” I had a lot of things that I needed because the power of the mother God is not about Tiermatt.

」

Apparently, Vandalu seems to have become the father of two children. I'm 18 years old. I thought that it was only two years earlier) and Vandaloo was convinced.

“How can I make my sister or brother?”

"Yes, Bakunawa"

"I'm a little older brother." Diana is a giant who manages the moon, but it is not about Taros, but it is deeply related to the life attribute. Let's make a good child.

The marriage of the gods that live from the age of myths is far from the modern people, and Diana is not an exception.

Next story will be posted on March 15th.