Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 371: Aradia has a father who claims to be a human, a brother who is a glutton, and an older sister who is the daughter of a duke.

Vanderou always strives to be human while he is in the city of Orbaum. He always strives to be in Silky and other places that have only friends and family.

If you want to take things in a high place where you can not reach, you can not stretch your tongue or手を。. When you run, you can run only two legs instead of four-foot running, even if you hear from the back, you will not be able to appear on the rear head, and you can also use the contents from [Ghost Release].

The 鉤 claw is a feature that the dampire was born, so I used it without any caution, but other than that, I used it to weight myself at a preliminary school. Even in practical practice, it is the extent that the touch angle has been extended from the forehead to find the necessary herbs and grasses for the challenge.

However, at the end of this effort, it was an unfamiliar two names, “the self-proclaimed human”.

This means that people are self-proclaimed, but not actually human.

It’s a great deal. I’m not going to give up, but I saved the city, saved the country, and saved the gudulanis who revived the imper ed world, but press the non-human stamp.

“Is this going to be protested?”

I think.

“But I do it alone”

“Before the strong power of the world, which individual is”

Even if it was powerless Bakunawa, don’t eat beef while talking

Vandalu, who won the two names of self-proclaimed humans, was recons。ed from the shock, but soon he focused on protesting to change the perception from the world, aiming to return this unfamiliar two.

In his back, there are already 並 up with a plastic card. ...... I was able to eat it quickly.

“I don’t know what my father says”

Aradia, a young woman from 5 to 6 years old,瞬ing that he is a dozen-metre giant, instantly tilted his neck with three eyes on the forehead and left for his father’s oddness.

She is a true giant born between Vandalou and the Moon Giant Dana. That’s why it’s already over 50 meters.

She was born much earlier than her expectation, and she grew up as a true giant. However, it seems to be impossible to imagine whether Vandaloo is a human being because it is not born again.

“Yes, I don’t know what you are saying. I'm sure you're talking about an adult.

And Bakunawa doesn’t understand much. He is a 、 born between Tiamat and Vandalu. He actually has almost never seen humans.

...... Even if he included his father who is the main body of the use witch that he is now poly .

"I know my sister?"

"Well, what is it?"

"Wow, my sister"

Elizabeth speaks not to see the huge mouth in the body of Bakunawa, who is polypoli  of the use witch. The voice coming back from Bakunawa is very clear, and I don’t think I’m talking about it while chewing the king of the hardness of Orihalcon. It is a special trick.

However, this disciplinary righteous brother seems to be able to get together from the abdo。 brothers.

“Anyone is amazing.”

And the sister of the new righteousness, he was adored with Elizabeth. There are different species, and the smaller Elizabeth can be picked up by her.

As Elizabeth, it is a complex precinct that the size is very cute and straightforward sister is happy, and the direction of my life has progressed in the direction that I want to be named.

。 Vanderou. What do you think should be protested? Well, don’t you say that you’re going to march Orbaum?

“Is it important to say that Elizabeth doesn’t do it?”

“I want to do it because I don’t have to do it!”

Vandalou can also imagine Elizabeth, who will be able to correctly follow manners even if protesting. It will not develop in 動ence, and it seems to be cleaned up contrary to abandon the garbage. In the first place, it may be a trekking protest activity that takes into account the place and the time zone to prevent people from passing.

However, the spect、 is only a nightmare, which is seen by the giant crustaceans,類s, legumes and虫tiles. It is said that it is "visible", but there is a feature that can not be found in ordinary animals and monsters such as the number and position of the eyeballs, the手。s, the number and shape of the角mb by actually seeing it. Even if you are familiar with daemons and undeads, the impact is large...

If you are already familiar with it, you might not care about it. The idea of this is to the back of the brain of Elizabeth, but it is not so far, I immediately cancel it.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

Elizabeth has recently understood, but Vandalou is not the owner of a calm sediment. There is no expression, and there is almost no声 in the voice, and it is just doing multiple thoughts in。.

“What do you mean by doing that? Even if you say “Myself is human”, there is no lack of power! On the contrary, you will only be more aware of human beings!”

Vanderoo returned to us as a hap to the precise point of such Elizabeth.

It is like that. I was wrong.

“Bakunawa, we can eat this kind of stuff.”

Vandaloo, whose shoulders are dropped, and the kings who can eat them in Bakunawa without having a plastic card. Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching can help.

Thank you for your understanding.

"My brother, I want to eat on my father."

"Yes, I'm not sure that the shell is hard."

And Aladdy also began to eat Vandalou, a real father’s身.

"It's delicious!"

Bakunawa squeezed the inside of the witch king with his fingers, and squeezed with his lips, and Ar。 said that he smiles. Vandaru, who looks at it with a smile, and looks like it's un onable.

ザsabス had been wondering about the concept of family.

"Oh, I'm a sister."

Aradia, who misunderstood the situation, comes out the second use of the king. It was a grotesque that the shell was already broken and the meat and bones were面eping from the cross section, and it was a big trifocal that it was more than a few times the elizabeth that is not moving with pichry.

The inner skeleton is built so that even the outer skeleton and shell can move even if the shell is damaged largely. It is a snooping artificial life.

"I'm waiting! I'm not wanting to eat separately!"

"Yes, I have bones. I made it soft to chew it, but it’s still hot like Elizabeth.”

“I’m more easy to eat, but I don’t have a bone.”

In the hand of Ar  who seemed to be dead, the use of the evil king suggests the other use of the evil king, and the use of theコopus look has progressed himself, but of course, Elizabeth is annoying. The Vanderlus  ion that is happening in the Vidal Magic Empire is like  , but she is not  ed.

“I don’t recommend it! What’s more, you shouldn’t think if you’ve got two self-proclaimers?”

"It's right."

"In some cases, you may be able to cancel two names."

"It is a thin possibility to grab the Mirage"

However, fortunately, Vandaloo took on the topic of Elizabeth. If I was originally going to談, but I was afraid to hear the answer, so Elizabeth asked me.

"But I don't think about this." Orbaum, Alcrem, Jahan I don’t know I’m calling it.”

Vanderoo is a live information network that shares the contents and memories of all the use of the Mage King and the Mager.

In addition, by skill, Vandalou is completely memorized and never forgotten what was captured in five senses at once. There are many things that remain in one corner of memory without consciousness, but if you try to remember it, you can remember it.

We collected information about our reputation in human society by making use of them, but there was no information that leads to self-proclaimed humans.

“Well, I’m over the people” and “God is doing” and “I’m dyeing things.”

“I’ve defeated the Sorilla King, and I’ve done a lot of other things, so I’m going to be such an evaluation. However, it’s a good idea.

At the age of twelve, he defeated the Mao Gudulanis, and in fact, he ruled the empire with the country that exceeds the kingdom of choice, and he followed the gods.

It’s not good to say that people are trying to evaluate. I don't think it's a self-proclaimed human.

“Yes, it may be because of the reputation that spreads in places where there are not so many of you. What is the Vidal Magic Empire? Isn’t there any such thing?

"Of course"

In the question of Elizabeth, Vanderou was nodded in confidence.

"In the countries of Vidal Magic Empire, it is used as an emperor who can easily talk to anyone. It is reputed that there are three decades when you look at the royal king in the street.

“I think it’s so delicious.”

“...I’m really familiar with it?”

In the boundary of the Vandalu, and in the city of this magical continent, it is not special. When there is a shortage of war power required for demolition and dungeon攻略, it is used as a surveillance camera, security system, lighting system, and as a special labor force such as the generation of magic power and heavy equipment.

Therefore, since it is a part of the faith, it is familiar as a consultation and a speaker.

“I am familiar.” However, I don’t understand that I’m human. In particular, since my huge statue was built in the magical continent and other cities, I’m trying to speak again and again.”

"It's right." How many times?

“Eh, I’m not God, but you’re the same person, so it’s not the statue of God.”

“Is it self-proclaimed to be human?”

"The cause is that! If you are doing such things in your country, it is not natural that you are self-proclaimed!"

It seems that Vandalu was the first time to be aware of the cause that Vandalu won the two names of self-proclaimed humans. Keep the eyes open and stiff.

There will be an emergency meeting with countless Vandaloos in his brain, but it will take a while to get some conclusions.

On the other hand, it seems to have concluded with the challenge of Eleonola and Belmond, who were trying to become a queen.

"I thought it was calm and good. Let's give up. Well, if you don't get the demolition of the monster you defeated, you will be able to support the tea in the afternoon. It is bad to leave it to Maheria and Zona. 」

“Want to wait a little! Do you have to give up?

Eleonola drew down the bellmonds that try to return to daily operations with a light footstep and a tone that has no trouble.

"Yes. I had forgotten my important thing.

On the other hand, Belmond was pulled back when he stood up with a slight appearance and lowered his head with the correct posture.

"Thank you for your guidance"

To Busdia.

“Oh, I didn’t have to be able to force.”

“No, I didn’t know that I was doing it.”

“I don’t do it, but it’s good to have a difference in the Aila!”

A good smile to each other. And Bermond decided to walk back again to join the demons of the magical object, but also called Eleonola.

“I felt that I was different from Ira, so I tried to rank up with you to cooperate withディアdia. However, if you think well, there is no other problem even if she is not doing so in the life queen. And in the first place, I realized that it is impossible to become a tribe named Queen."

“What’s it?”

Bermond continued to explain in Eleonola, a surprising and confusing wolf.

"Eleonola, my book is obsession. Who is going to become a queen, and my mission is to serve as a husband. That’s it. Even if I’m obsessed, I can use blood to my husband and card the tail.

It seems that Eleonola andディアdia seem to be in love with the color inc。 drifting from Belmond, which makes the tail bend while redning the cheeks.

"It's right." But what is impossible?

“I said earlier, but I’m obsessed and used.” “It’s not a stand to bundle and lead people.”

"Oh, I see."

I was convinced not only eleonola but also busdia as the word of Belmond.

Why? However, the position is often involved in the decision of the tribe after ranking up.

In addition to Goリン, if you rank from  3 to 4, you often have a goリン commander or goリン reader who have been conducting in battle.

It’s not the reason why just goリン ranked up as a goリン leader, but it’s not the reason to earn the skills of conducting with the leadership of the tangyan.

The ranked races will change depending on the original nature and the skills you have earned.

Ira, who became a no-life queen, is also the director of the Dark Knights, composed of the members of the same Vampire Z e.

バスdia was originally born between Gur’s elder Zadilis and his youth Vignaro, and he showed a high power with an unusual youth. Prior to joining Vandalou, Gur’s social structure didn’t have a high position, but he led the young generation of Gur and became the Gur Amazoness Queen. He has been ranked up in the past.

When I was, I was wondering whether the dyllis is a princess who were not in this place, but I did not think deeply.

“What do you do with Eleonola? If you continue, I’ll get together.”

“Yes... I’ll stop a special lesson. It takes a long time to rank up more... I want to be a member and challenge Van’s S-class dungeon.”

For Eleonola who ranked 14 beyond rank 13, the area of God, most of the magic is only a hybrid. In this magic continent, there are more than 13 monsters that can not be easily defeated by her, but because the magic is high, it will escape if you notice Bakunawa.

For this reason, if she intends to rank up to15 15, she will be deviated from the schedule that Vandaloo will be special lessons on a day trip to meet with children.

"And now I'm ranked up as a princess. ...... I had to learn more about how to handle the lower part while I was in my lower part.

I think that it might have been a failure as a human resource if I think now. More older than you, you will not have any troubles with veteran who was in the enemy relationship.

Then, the Eleonola, who repents, talked to him again.

“Van! I was talking about something else, but I solved it?”

。 Even if the two names of “self-named humans” are given, the conclusions were made at all my meetings that I only claim to be humans.”

“...What is Van like as a meeting?”

The Vanderlus brain meeting where countless thoughts are exchanged. If you can operate correctly, you will be able to process large amounts of information at high speed and make appropriate decisions. Even if there is a difference in thought, the direction is determined from the beginning because it is the same person after all.

バスdia asked the structure of such a meeting, but Eleonola and Belmond had a distant eye, and it was a short but hot sip.

Perhaps I thought of a space occupied by countless vanderlust.

バスdia said that he should be aware of things that are beyond the refugees. If you’re a wife, you need to say something that’s tough.

“Yes! Even if you can’t do anything that God doesn’t do, you’re sure you’re a person! Have confidence! That’s right, Arディア!?”

。 My father is like my sister says,

“Yes, it’s okay because it’s delicious.”

I thought, but I heard the voice of Elizabeth’s desperate voice and the voice of the aradia of her sister’s opinion.

(Because there is a translation in the case of Elizabeth, let’s hear it later)ディアdia rethinked and decided to keep silent.

In addition, Elysabス said to have confidence that Vandalu’s “I am human” is because it was quite scary as I imagined what Vandalu would do after discarding his deeds.

After that, Vandaloos, who drinked tea made by Bermond and Magheria in the Magic Continent, came back to the town of the Magic Continent. Then Vandaloo made a job change to the Spirit Conductor.

[Invitation of Spirits], [Instruction: Spirits] won skills!

[Reikido Induction] was integrated into [Reikido: Reikido] to [Reikido]!

《【Magic power always super recovery】、【Ghost reinforcement】、【Ghost reinforcement】、【Ghost reinforcement】、【Ghost reinforcement】、【Vidal Magic Empire】、【Self-playing: Co-food】、【Power reinforcement: Co-food】、【Ghost reinforcement】、【Ghost reinforcement】、【Ghost reinforcement】

At that time, there was a big change in the Amid Empire.

In the capital of the Amid empire, the emperor of the Amid empire appeared on the balcony where the emperor stood there for the public several times a year. And now the Emperor Ariake Marme of the Alda Great.

And "The successor of Bellwood" Heinz as "Ao flame sword".

The faces of the people who came to it were confusing and anxiety. It is in the morning that the emperor who is not well-reputed now has suddenly a large announcement, the use from the castle was touched. If you gather somehow, there is still a young man who is unfamiliar with the new emperor of the boy and the unfamiliar.

The people of the Amid empire know that the name of the Heinz was a man who became a S-class adventurer across the enemy country, but few people know the face.

And Sarazar opened his mouth very heavily.

"O beloved people, too is。d in the name of the Emperor Amid. Here, we return to Alda, the God of God of God of God, who is great in the empire, and we have to control you with that word.

In his forehead, fat sweat floated, fear and irritation appeared on the eyes, but the people did not know.

On this day, the people of the Amid Empire celebrated the end.

――――――――――――――――――――――――

●Explanation of two names: Self-proclaimed human written by Luciliano

Two names acquired by non-humans who call themselves humans, or those who are perceived as such.

From stories to reality, there are many monsters who disguise themselves as humans, and vampires and demons who worship evil gods. However, there is no record of him acquiring these two names.

This is because it must be widely known that he is "calling himself a human."

In many cases, beings that are publicly known to be disguised as humans have been exterminated at that point, or will be exterminated soon. Moreover, even if it were to have two names, it would probably be one that is filled with emotions such as fear and hatred.

Therefore, it seems that the two names of ``self-proclaimed human'' can only be obtained by having someone like a master and an environment like the Vidal Demon Empire.

However, I think the effect itself is quite subtle. Even if it is effective when disguised as a human, it is already widely known that he is a ``self-proclaimed human.''

The next story will be posted on May 26th.