Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 343: Unfaithful gods and a neighborhood that is about to turn into a nightmare

Thank you very much!

Vandalou, in exchange for a large stress, has been able to know the existence of the “Horaijin” Alda by telling the information of Rokudo holy to the “five-colored blade” line.

Alda, who knows the situation, was  ent.

So far, Alda was misunderstood that it was Vandalu that is surrounded by Urugen Telkatanis, just like Heinz. I was able to see Terkatanis that should be my followers, and I thought that he adopted the weapons made from the material he took from [Witch King's Flaws] to the army.

However, it was a con   by the reincarnation of Rodo Corte, who was silently reborn. Never be silent.

Soon I left the user to Rodo Corte and asked for explanation.

“I don’t know anything about what I’m doing.”

However, it was a fatal word and attitude.

“Do you want to eat white?”

“Is it going to be credible to the words of Vandaloo, even if you are thinking of white?”

“...Vandalu must not lie. In fact, “Origin” should be dead by the rebirth of Rokudo St.

“We will have the potential to disseminate false information to make our friends. And he died in "Origin" But where is the evidence I have reborn?

"If you say so far, you should show the soul of the sixth-way holy and prove to be concise. If you are not reborn, you should still have a soul in your Gods!

Rodocolte promises to use new reincarnations as a fighting force for Vanderou... For this reason, if you want to revitalize the re生, you need to contact Alda.

However, Lodcorte did not talk to Aldas about the rebirth. Of course, if you contact a trans er who learned the dead attribute magic in a different world, [the missing of the magic] instead of the physical body, then the cooperation relationship with Alda will be broken.

Rodo Corte still wants to use Alda, so I want to make it as fast as possible. If possible, until you can be sure to defeat Vanderou.

In addition, Lodcorte, which is recognized by the people of his country as the gods of the "Ramda" world by Vanderou, has been enabled "Pile of Law" which is the goddess of Alda.

Alda’s威 is not awkward, but the total amount of God’s power exceeds Alda, but it’s not limited to being able to 。 it as effective.

God of the reincarnation with strong power and God of the law that has only a few steps above it. If you just fight, the god of reincarnation wins. However, if it is judged by law, it is impossible to reverse the god of rebirth to God of law.

That is God’s power.

If you’re an adult, you might want to wait for a lot of people and potential candidates to grow.

The growth rate of early candidates is slow to see from the eyes of Rodo Corte. Vandalou himself, I can only see that it is to make the opponent. It is said that the winding of Vandalou is raised in a short time.

Heinz’s “five-colored blades” are very important to fight against Vandalou. Rod Corte has been a semi-developed, but it seems to be true if you look at the encounters with Vandalu...

Heinz’s speech is a bit 動ed to Vandalu, but it’s too good for Rodo Corte. The problem is that you don’t have to worry about Vandaloo on the honeys that should be the biggest power.

If it is impossible to kill Vanderou and collect and seal the soul, then Rodo Corte must throw away from the far or far world that has not managed the reincarnation. And if you can not destroy the country where Vandalou is cured, it is troubled.

It’s a problem that a bunch of millions will be solved, or if the Heinz is killed immediately after the war.

Rod Corte is also the Heinz, the Bellwood... I was expecting to revive the world's most proven God in the new breed of Vida.

How to prove purity? Alda, if you request it to me, should you prove it first?

"What do you say to the tangyan?"

“I had a meeting with Vandalu through the use of the past, and after all, it seemed to be a curiosity of the settlement, but I didn’t seem to have a fight against the man in the “five-colored blade.”

“... That’s because it was not the Vanderlust himself, but it was a mess. If you defeated the battle, it is not painful or itching in Vandaloo. Of course, it is only to give information about the honeys.

It’s natural to avoid the fight.”

Alda responded to Rodo Corte, but he did not tell Rodo Corte that Heinz is going to send his neck with conditional condition in Vanderou.

I didn’t know how to get out of the extreme if I knew it. Alda was going to slice and adapt the honey before he was thinking it.

He thought he was possible because he was trying to convince him.

The most horrible thing for Alda is that Lodo Corte is looking at this world and attracts hands from managing reincarnation. When it is done, it remains in this world only the magical wheel regeneration system and the Vida wheel regeneration system. If so, humans, animals, plants, and animals are breathing, and only the future that there is only a new species of magic and Vida.

Alda’s ideal world is only in the past.

Actually, Rodocolte has already tried to draw a hand from “R ” or “Origin” and “Ramda”. The reason why Alda is trying to defeat Vanderou and Rodo Corte is recognized in the country he cures.

There was no trust between Alda and Rodocolte and teamwork that helped each other.

So Arda does not report or consult with Rodo Corte about Heinz, and Rodo Corte also has a con。。y.

"... but as you say, you have already rebirthed Rokudo holy."

However, Rodcorte thought that it is difficult to push and push without knowing, and confessed to Alda.

“What’s it? I don’t understand how much the use of the Death Attribute Magic affects the world! What do you think to defeat Vanderou?”

“I don’t have to think about it, but it’s an ordinary rebirth.”

But I didn’t intend to confess the truth. Rodo Corte is a false confession that contains only some truth to deceive Alda.

What?

“Rokudo Sei eliminated the memory and personality of the predecessor as usual reincarnation, and recovered and rebirthed the cheat ability. It is also "original" rather than "ramda".

It is still in the stomach of the mother.

The sixth road is not in the throne of Lodo Corte, because it is reborn into the body made by [the 片 of the King of the Magic]. So I can't show my soul to Alda, so I'm already reborn as ordinary humans.

......

Alda does not believe immediately. It’s natural because the voice of Rodo Corte has been called.

“Well, do you show evidence? You can show it, but you don’t have the right to regenerate the wheel, but you don’t think you can understand it.”

However, Alda cannot confirm the evidence that trans ed Rokudo St. Lodcorte’s reincarnation system is a difficult task to understand just by seeing it, unless you are a god who has imitated a reincarnation system or a god whose reincarnation is the same as Lodcorte.

There is no applicable God among Alda’s subordinates, and the presence imitated by the system is only Vida and Gudulanis.

In addition, it is to make sure that Alda, the god of "Ramda," is not "Ramda".

Alda has no power to see its predecessor just by looking at the 子ko. ......If Arda asks, “How to teach who is in the form of the sixth way?”, it is the main reason why it’s troublesome.

“... Is the God of Origins thriving?”

“I don’t need to take care of it.” Because it is the same as normal reincarnation. The soul of the six-way holy, lost memory, personality, and ability, is no different from other souls. However, I gave the ap  of attribute magic again.

If you don’t give it, you can learn the dead attribute magic again, so it’s a natural treatment.

“Oh, right? So, Rokudo Sei came to God with ‘Origin’, but can you rebirth the souls of God through your system?”

Rodo Corte, a painful place in Alda, made his tongue with inner heart.

“I was too dangerous, but I was able to revitalize it over time than usual and recovered the cheet ability I gave. Perhaps the soul of the six lanes is just the soul of the human.

However, it is not possible to do the same even if another rebirth becomes God. Originally, I did not assume that the rebirth reaches God while living, so I can't say

However, as a rodocollete, you have to say that. Alda is a little but I was suspicious about the attitude of Rodo Corte, but I could not confirm whether it is true, so I could not ask more.

“What do you do with the reincarnation who worked with Rokudo Sei?”

“They are the same as Rokudo. I was also trying to follow my instructions, like St. Rokudo, when I could not use it as a force to defeat Vandalou.

...... That’s not the sixth-way holy, but the Vanderou?

Of course. I can’t see if people are led to Vanderou and I can’t get information already.

Vandalou’s name is the purpose of putting a snake into our cooperative relationship, or to earn time with false information.”

Alda, who rumored the words of Rodo Corte, thought (the rodo corte is suspicious, but it is also a false information flowing from Vandalu).

The recognition that it is Vandalu to use [the missing part of the King of the Devil] was strongly rooted in Alda.

In addition, there was no idea that he had to ask for the subturbation, the spring, and the harder. For Alda, your use is that the Lord of God’s followers are sublimated their soul after death, so I thought that they are faithful to Rodocolte.

If you have questions, you might be able to understand the situation from the unnatural behavior by talking with the subordinate in the state of "I can not talk about the inconvenience to Rodo Corte".

(But it is dangerous to believe in Rodo Corte.) You should keep the candidates in Orbaum.

This time, Alda did not retire the young people of the world who are raised by the gods belonging to his own forces from Orbaum, which is active by Vanderou.

From previous actions, Vandalou decided not to kill candidates.

However, I told Gods not to be involved as much as possible with Vandaloo and their related parties, but they gave instructions to Gods.

Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum, is a vast city, so it was possible.

。 Now let’s be wary of Vandaloo as far as possible, and let’s find and prepare what people are trying to企e the predecessors.

"It was good to understand"

That said, while looking at the rod corte of his ancestors, Alda was warned of Vandaloo as the word, but he thought to prepare for the six ways that might be there.

If it is against the six roads lost in Vanderou "Origin", you can defeat with the candidates of the dead attribute magician.

Alda thought so.

I thought that Vandaloo was revived for an hour from mental stress. I learned that they continue to move to Orbaum without being pulled back from the use of the magical king for gathering information that has left near the ギs and honeys.

“What do you come? If you’re a cedar, you’ll still be a サ. I had a strong warning.

However, I don’t want to warn again.

When I went to Mogumogu, I had to eat a steak sprinkled with gold powder in Eleonola, but Vandaloo was worried about how to respond to the pineapples and cedars that approach Orbaum.

The eyes are fixed on the stage of Elizabeth. The parade has changed over time to a n, and now three newcomers from Elizabeth, Mahler, and Zona are wearing mass-pro  accessories.

“Yes.” When I meet again, I think that it is better not to go because it might be sleeping all day. How can we make a mess and have a letter?

“Now, how can I hire someone who is right in the city and carry it?”

Dalcia was the opposite to Vanderou again, especially when it comes to “five-colored blades”. If you guess from the previous thing, you shouldn’t end up with ease even if you just pass a letter. Because it is an original relationship to kill, of course, it is natural to say. If you listen to what happened when you talk to the Heinz from Vandaloo, you have a blank of unnatural memory. Perhaps the memory fell out with a mental shock.

Vandalou has a [S ation Invalidation] skill, so it is not caused by external factors such as receiving some . Internal factors: memories were flying due to Vanderou’s own spirit and s. Probably because of a  or stress beyond the tolerance.

If you repeat the same thing in a short period of time, you may be wondering how much Vanderou may be, and you should avoid long-term consciousness in the absence of clues to the Sixth Road St.

"Vidal Magic Empire, Magic Continents and Gartland" It’s amazing that there’s an impact on others’ demons.”

“Yes, I had sent me the magical king because it was hurt or it was not it, but I didn’t think it would be like this.”

Zadilis was contacted with the Vidal Magic Empire by a communication machine. When Vandaloo defeated, it was because it was influenced by the witch King who is active in Vidal Magic Empire etc.

The influence was that the connection between the vandaloo inn was a few seconds to a few minutes. However, even if the unit of Vandalou is disconnected, it is made so that simple work can be done.

The fighting auxiliary use witches that appear to the most dangerous explorer (equivalent to adventurers in human society) are also able to move without problems even if they are disconnected during battle.

......There is a tougher battle that has a big impact on the battle situation due to the disconnection, but in the first place, it is not a fight, and it is proposed to the explorer to withdraw.

The searcher’s job is not to dive through the battle of giligiri, but to live and bring back the results.

However, since it was a few minutes from a few seconds, it was not possible to repeat it again and again, but it is not the same as that if the connection expires several hours and a few days.

Is it better not to apply directly to the "five-colored blade"? ? It’s an enemy, and if you’re saying it once, you can say it again and again.

Kanako suggested more advanced opinions than Darcia’s opinions.

I think that the people of "five-colored blades" are going to this place thinking about the battle with the six-way, i.e. the things that the 達s lose. If Van loses, he must protect it from the sixth road.

I see. I didn't say until I win the Rokudo. In the impression of the honeys, the sixth road may be quite strong."

"I'm sorry, I'm not. The other party who is str ling to defeat the van, and I hate it to be three 巴s ... I mean, I interpret it even if I can't beat easily."

In the description of Kanako, Vandaloo was nodded. Heinz, who doesn’t have any more information about Rokudo St., thought that Rokudo would be a strong enemy who is trying to do something again in this world without crushing his soul.

The fact that I was fighting is not Vandaloo, but the bander and [Bevers], which were made using the fragment of the soul. That’s why Vandaloo wasn’t so strong at that time.

However, it is likely that Heinz is true for Vandalu.

"When I assumed that bo-chan is losing, it is unpleasant for us, but ... Well, it is enemies."

If this is allies, there is also a choice of “because of the victory of Vandaloo, I follow the warning”, but as Sam says, “five-colored blades” are enemies. It is a difficult decision to believe in Vanderou.

"If you ignore the warning, it's not impossible to go. It’s a S-class adventurer. It is bad for me.

Heinz is “。”. A S-class adventurer who can fight evil gods, gods, and gods descending on the ground.

It is a natural existence that is required in order to respond to the crisis that the end of the world is affected by the state of death.

That’s why Heinz should be welcomed to the general public, because he burned down his mission, “When Vandalu lost, he must defeat the sixth-way holy.” ......In particular, in the Kingdom of Orbaum, where another S-class adventurer, Randrph, is re ed.

If I was in the position of "five-colored blade", I will ignore the warning. ......I can’t believe that “five-colored blades” can do the world’s crises, and I can’t let them know if they were dead or damaged, and it’s an opportunity to assassinate “five-colored blades” that were consumed in the fight.

“I don’t like how the world is in six ways”

Vanderou said, “The Five-colored Blade” ignores the warning, and he gave up that he wasting to warn again.

Let's assume that you will be a three-way bus. Everyone, maybe I can’t do it, but if you’re three, you’ll prefer to defeat six times instead of honey. However, it seems that it is possible to show the gap without oiling.

And Kanako, I'm sure you know that you've got a lot of things to know.

In Vandaloo, I was imp ed, and Kanako answered a bitter smile.

“I’m not sure what I wanted to do.” However, it is a personality that seems to be similar to the rain palace. There is a common point in social position.”

」

It seems that the character of the Heinz and the Rain Palace is similar. The difference is the common sense and values of the world (country).

"I'm having trouble..." Let’s work with Doug, Merッサ, and Jeek and Sala. Let’s keep in touch with Katy’s next meeting.”

"Yes, it's just about the back.

So, what do you do asagi as the "five-colored blade" is good? I don't know what to do if you are.

“Will you know?”

。 If you meet the person, please ask the brain directly. However, I think that it is impossible to handle dangerous people.

Kanako is backed by Asagiri [バー Bars] in the former world "Origin". I think that there is a place to 情pathize with them, and I think that it is not possible even if I have been resent by Kanako himself. ...... It is not a canako who killed the ギs in the past, but it is a member of the ギding of the 8th which is the predecessor of the Legion.

“It’s not interesting to be able to get an indispensable habit of activities, but you don’t have to do it. I think I can ignore it.

“I don’t have to protest? I’m sure you’ll be protested with the momentum that Bo-chan puts a little into the Duchess of Jahan.”

"Now, the first friend of the Baron of Jahan came out, and he became high. It is the same as a bounchan who has just been possessed like Elizabeth"

“I don’t suggest that I can’t make tea in Lita, Saria, and Hadroths and make it a renown of the Baron and the Baron of Burgit.”

。 I think it is better not to be involved in the underlying though it seems to be moving. Asagiri's reputation is because the basis cannot be explained to ordinary people."

Even if Asagi warns Kanako that she is dangerous and someone to be careful of, she can only tell the reason for this to a very limited number of people who know about the reincarnated person, like the ``Goshiki no Yaiba''. This is because you can't explain to the vast majority of people who don't know anything that they were betrayed in a previous life.

Therefore, even if Asagi continues to complain about Kanako's danger, it will have little effect. That's Kanako's guess.

“With or without Asagi, there are haters everywhere. All we have to do is show our best performance on stage.”

``Kanako-san...! ””

Saria and Rita gasped as they were moved by Kanako's words. Zadiris also nods with a proud look on his face.

“Ah, but it wouldn’t be a bad idea to ask Duke Jahan to cooperate so that we can perform at a theater somewhere instead of inside the mansion. After all, the best way to dispel bad rumors is for him to actually see our stage performance.”

However, Kanako's excitement seems to have quickly evaporated as she is determined to make use of her power, believing that pride alone is not enough to navigate the world.

``That's right. A facility that can accommodate people all at once will help with evacuation, so let's move on to the topic of renting out the theater.

Also, Asagi and the others... even if they join up with the ``Goshoku no Yaiba'', they won't pose much of a threat. However, if the research on the seal of [Demon King's Fragment] is progressing, it might be effective in some way against the Six Paths Saint.

Until then, let's avoid getting involved as much as possible."

“Wait a minute!”

It was Elizabeth who had finished the stage who spoke up. Vandalieu said that if he had come to his senses, he could stop singing, but Zadiris told him, ``Think of it as a lesson and try to finish it.'' That's why he had been singing until now.

"Elizabeth-sama, you've just started singing and dancing, but you did quite well. However, you seem a little shy. Especially during the chorus."

"Oh, thank you! But what I'm trying to say isn't to ask for your thoughts!"

After saying that, Elizabeth stretched out in a certain direction.

"The villas of Duke Fazon and Duke Birgitte are over there. The grounds of the mansion are large, so they're far apart, but... if the 'Goshiki no Yaiba' and their Asagi were to stay at the villa, it might be difficult to keep them from seeing each other."

The Silky Zuckert Mansion was originally a mansion owned by the Duke Jahan family, and is located in an upper aristocratic district where there are villas of other Duke families.

And there is a good chance that the ``Five Colored Blades'', who are closely related to the Duke Fazon family, and Asagi and the others, who are employed by the Duke Birgitte family, will be staying at the villas of their respective Duke families.

“… Shall we get a lodging?”

``I'm going to fly! Even if the mansion collapses over the edge, please don't throw it away because it will fly away! ”

"No, I won't throw you away, Silky will stay with you. What kind of accommodation should we have..."

"Vandalu, I don't think it would be possible for Silky to stay at another inn. Because of the area."

Vandalieu said this, his expression more dead than usual, but as Darcia said, it was impossible for Silky, whose main residence was the mansion, to stay at an inn outside.

However, it seems that Heinz, Asagi, and the others were not reckless enough to sleep near Vandalieu, and they chose to stay separately instead of in the villa of the ducal family with whom they had close ties, so Vandalieu's spirit was saved for the time being.

The next episode will be posted on November 14th.