Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 393: Gods of the Earth and Sea

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Venome Gast, Venome Slim, and Witch, whose poisonous gas and poisonous liquid are magically transformed into a carshadow.

The improvised wizards created by Dobopese Paro are ranked 5 to 6 and the wizard Dobopese Paro and Bakunawa who continues to drink his poison are all uncomfortable wizards, even if they are unconscious.

However, their na、 points are not strong, they are scattering poisons and curses. The surrounding air and earth are contaminated only with Venom Gast and Venom Slice, and the organisms that are located near the calsシャdow are just a lot of curse.

So it is not that you can just defeat because they scatter poisons and curses around the moment they die.

Bellwood and Zakart have taken the way to purify poisons and curses with magecraft, but not only those who are trying to attack and purify.

So, I decided to share the roles of the Duchess of Saulon.

Thank you!

When Amelia Saulon, a variant wearing a dress, carrying a bizarre shape cane, looks like a ruffle or a ribbon-like decor, reigns the Knights, Adventurers, and Warriors who armed from the capital of the Duchess of Saulon.

』

“It’s time to show the significance of the Duchess of Saulon!”

"Gaggagya! Geggi"

"Go, everyone! I'll show you where you can fight in plains!"

There is a mix of undeads and prebels dispatched from the former S ar Autonomous Defense Force, but it is a problem. ...... Actually there was a problem on the Duchess of Saulon until a little before. A few months ago, there were people who remembered their resistance to the former Skulla Defense Force.

However, as Vandalou said, “Let’s increase the power of the people who are dissatisfied,” most people came to know.

No one wants to lose his current position and position.

As Vandalou, the deter  with the Alda force is approaching, so even if it is a temporary one, I wanted to reduce the force of the war, and I did not want to head them. I was just going to do it while they were resting.

In addition, the believers of the Gods of the Alda power planted in various places and headed to the Duchess of Fazon, fearing that they were also suspected, and some of them returned their 。.

However, the Knights and adventurers of the Duchess of Saulon are enough to defeat the monsters, but the hands are not enough to clean up the poisons and curses scattered when the monsters are defeated.

"You, please."

Please leave

So, it is the origin of the use witch who was placed in the city of the Duchess of Saulon.

"Toxins"

The use of the majestic of the 型m and the 消毒m of the 術m type prevents the death of [disinfection], purifies the earth and atmosphere, and treats allies that received poison and curse.

......Indeed, it is easy to process if the mage was created by Dobopese Paro immediately. Don’t do that to make sure you have confidence in the Knights and Adventurers of the Duchess of Saulon, and to make you fight with Undead and S ar.

Everything is because of the use of consciousness to ensure that Elizabeth's reign is stable.

“Well, my mother’s appearance and exposure are too high!?”

Home

Then, the true main unit of use wizard squeezed his head to Elizabeth. She knows that she doesn’t interfere with her neck.

In addition, as noted by Elizabeth, the variant of Ameria looks like a dress at first g。, but if you look at it, it is only decorated with leotard and it is actually a high exposure structure.

"But Amelia wanted the same type as his mother, so it became the result of adding a lot of decoration to give a defensive magic."

She continued to ask for Vandalu, who passed to Elizabeth's mother, making a high exposure disguise.

“I’m sorry, but I don’t know what to do because I’d like to be able to do anything!? I didn’t know how to do it anymore!”

"...I think it's not so much to shake. Is the exposure much lower than the usual wear of Privel?

“I’m so happy!”

The lower body of the prebell of the sベルula is the eighth touch arm that the tip changes to the head of the 、. Of course, it is almost rounded out. ......The upper body of the chest is hidden properly.

“I don’t stop saying something like a のent woman!? Because it’s so normal in a scara!”

。 It was bad to leave mother's thing! Change!

Elizabeth動d the head of the true body type wizard with one hand and 動ed the armor.

“We leave our commands to our mothers, and we will come to the front line!”

"Miss ... Duke's, one army's lord's lord's predecessor ... No, no. Contact Us

As a general, it is enough because there is a messenger near Ameria... As a symbol, Elizabeth, who has not yet been a young conductor, will help the Knights and adventurers become more moral. In addition, it is too sufficient to be an emergency escort because it holds the true main unit of use witch King.

What's more, theやる of Bakunawa increases.

"O sister ...!"

Actually, until then, forgot the a  and appetite to Dobopeseparo, and the intent and appetite of Bakunawa, which was built like a magical faucet that has infinitely juiced.

A  and hatred feelings are part of the appetite for baknarwa. It looks delicious because I remembered a . I want to eat because of hate. And the usual appetite exists in him without conflict.

That’s why Bakunawa thinks that he wants to eat Dobopese Paro and compliment his wife and his sister and his third mom (ameria).

』

Take in the poisonous liquid that is inhaled in the current progressive form, and burn it in the body to release the necessary brainstorm.

『』!?』

The Dobopeseparo, which was built from the front of the same brain as the “Dragon God” Malduk that the former Bakunawa didn’t know, was blown down to the direction of the Arc Mountain while全身 the whole body.

(Burn! My body, poison and curse are burned and disappeared!? Oh, Oh! Well!)

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

A few kilograms were blown away, and the Dobopese Paro crashed into the ground where no one was, cursing the pain and suffering baknawa, but the body does not move as you think.

First of all, chewing from the shell!

However, Bakunawa is not feeling the witch of Dobopese Paro, but he was flying over the sky and he was chasing.

"Medium, surely trotoro! Delicious! Eat! "

As soon as I saw it, the underlying fear of living organisms that do not remember before the devastated God... The despair to remember before the predator was captured by the enemy met his heart.

However, [The self-love of the King] tacted him did not allow him to eat it.

(In this way, we will spread the 力endous poison and curse that we have replaced with all the magical power to this earth! Do you care even if it is cleansed? You can damage the hair to the organism, even one person or many people! It hurts and irritates!)

It was the behavior of the toxins, dying by sprinkling the toxins even if there was no meaning.

"I can't overdo it!"

However, when Dobopeseparo tries to act, a huge arm appeared from the ground.

“Hey!? You are here!?”

“If you eat your body, you will be unbehavioral, but you don’t know what will happen to the soul of Gudulanis, who is contributing to your soul. If you move to the bouquet, you can sleep for a while.

Butin, who wrapped the whole body of Dobopeseparo with his hand, sealed him like Zanthak.

“I’m waiting for you to eat bouquets and stings. The sons of Saulon don’t turn their hands until they made them.

That's it.

Home Let's help your sister

Bakunawa, who had heard about Botin’s re ation, but when he was back, he lost the source of the  facts were almost mowing by the  s of the Duchess of Saulon.

The magnitude of the magnitude that emerged in the battlefield with the Vidal Empire army centered on the Naval and Tama and Gyoke of the Duchess of Fゾン, saw the surroundings whilst laughing.

Like the other gods who were embedded by Alda and embedded the missing pieces of the soul of Gudulanis, the situation was conf。.

A man who was fighting under the eyes, and a strange cohesion that is not known as a human or a monster, and a magical thing that he never saw.

。 Unpleasant. Are you fighting with humans? No, is it really human? Feel like humans, but it looks like magic. What?

Is there any magic that we do not know?)

He is "the evil god of distortion" Vejogash. It was the boss of Hijirushkaka, the Esperous God of Esperity. It was a place where people of the world suffered from the monsters, and contributed to the dyna。 army.

There was a deep knowledge about magic. However, there is no doubt about the new species of Vida, which was born while sealed.

(Yes! Was it time too 方endous while we were sealed?)

“Kihihihihihihhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

That’s why I noticed that a huge amount of time flows after being sealed. And I understood that Gudulanis lost because it was living by human beings while the time flows.

Gudulanis, who was overwhelmingly strong, cruel, cruel, cunning and wicked assault! He was lost to a weak man and a生物ish God who was not able to make such a organism! It is not to say that we were sealed by defeated the生物 of the world whose silly God summoned!

』

If you think so, you can’t stop laughing too much of pleasure because of the disappointment of defeated Gudulanis and the a。 to the brave who defeated Gudulanis.

(Why am I so happy!? I don't understand why! But my joy is only getting bigger!)

“Ahahahahaha! ”

Vejo Gash continues to laugh happily even though he is confused. Its huge lips are wide open, the eyes inside its mouth are fully visible, and its tentacles are waving as if dancing.

“Hiiiii!?”

"Aaaaaaaah! Stop it, stop it! Stop it!"

Vejogash's eerie, high-pitched laughter was disturbing the spirits of the Duke of Fazon's navy, as well as his bizarre appearance, which looked like it had a huge eyeball in its mouth and countless tentacles growing out of its gigantic lips.

"What is that? Is it a remnant of the Demon King's army?"

“Kyu? ”

“Kyuu? ”

On the other hand, it had no effect on the Vidal Demon Empire army. No one who has ever encountered Vandalieu in a dream would suffer such psychological damage.

"That is an evil god sealed away over 100,000 years ago, with a piece of Guduranis' soul embedded in it."

And since the information is transmitted from Vandalieu's demon lord and Vandalieu's alter ego that descends into his own body through [familiar], confusion can be avoided.

"In other words, they're enemies. But can we win with concubines?"

As expected, it was unexpected that a leader of the Demon King's army would appear with a piece of Guduranis's soul attached. Even Tama and Gyoku, who are overwhelmingly strong in the Fazon Duchy's navy, have not yet reached rank 13, which is the minimum level for gods.

``Doranesa and the others alone may be dangerous. So-”

“Leave him to us! ”

At that time, an iceberg parted the sea... and a true giant appeared holding an iceberg aloft. A true giant with white hair and a beard, and pale skin. Zozaceiba is the ``Giant of the Demon Snowy Mountain'' who once defected to the Demon King's army, but joined the guardian deity of Gartland after Guduranis was sealed away.

There are still scars on his body from when he fought against the heroic army 100,000 years ago, but they are currently being stitched up with black thread and being treated.

“Hunnu! ”

“Kihi ha gya! ? ”

Vejo Gash, who was busy laughing, was hit head-on by an iceberg thrown by Zoza Ceiba.

『■■■■■! Get back, my dear children! ”

Then, Maris Jafar, the ``God of Good and Evil of the Red South Sea,'' appeared from the waves and threw his trident at Vejogash, who staggered.

“Gihihahahaha! ! ! ”

(Are they the ones who defected to us? Or not? I can't believe they're going to attack me anyway! I'm so angry I can't stop laughing!)

Vejogash's lips were pierced by the trident, and he tried to fight back while being swayed by an incomprehensible emotion that was a mixture of anger and pleasure from the pain.

However, the reason he was able to rise to become a major leader in the Demon King's army was because he was good at creating monsters. It's not that he's good at hand-to-hand combat, or that he's great at magic.

In return, he can mutate all kinds of plants and animals into powerful monsters. Compared to other evil gods who can only produce monsters of races related to themselves, this is an overwhelmingly productive power.

That's why he immediately tried to use the humans below him as material for monsters. Due to the fierce battles and the appearance of the gods, including Vejogash, the surrounding seas were devoid of fish, leaving humans with no affordable materials left.

However, he was confident that if he touched it with his tentacles and injected the magic essence into it, he would be able to transform it into a monster that would be a force to be reckoned with.

If vulnerable humans were used as materials, they would probably die within an hour after mutating, but it would be nice if we could do something about this situation.

"Oh, stop it! We're friends!"

“That’s right, so you should become like me too! ”

“Everyone, let’s become undead! All you have to do is die! ”

“It would be better to become undead than to be turned into a monster by that evil god! ? ”

However, the Fazon Duchy's navy was already on the verge of being destroyed by former comrades who had turned into undead.

(Are you stupid!? Corpses are turning into undead one after another!?)

Vejogash also cannot turn corpses that have already turned into undead into monsters. And he can't control the undead either.

If they were lowly undead who had no ego and were driven solely by hatred towards the living, they could at least guide the target...

“It’s the tentacles of the evil god! I can eat it all! ”

『ＧＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ』

The undead former member of the Duchy of Fazon's navy had a high ego and was clearly targeting Vejogash.

“I-I have no choice but to run away…kihihihi! Hahahahaha! ”

We have no choice but to run away from here. However, by the time Vejogash realized this, it was too late.

When he fled into the sky, created a pseudo-divine realm, and tried to sneak into it, numerous pillars of water rose up to surround him.

“If I let you escape, I will create many dangerous and pitiful monsters. Sleep here until your destroyer comes to wake you! ”

A woman's voice rang out, with a hint of anger even in its calmness.

“Peria! ? Why you! ? I see, so much time has passed that you were revived! ”

I thought 10,000 or 20,000 years had passed, but I didn't think that enough time had passed for Peria to revive.The water column surrounding Vejogash suddenly narrowed.

“Heehahahahahaha! Even though the seal was broken, I couldn't help but get sealed again! I can't stop laughing! Ahahahahaha! ”

With a desperate laugh, Vejogash was sealed away by Peria, the Goddess of Water and Knowledge, along with the Demon King's Joy.

Then, the lucky few surviving members of the Fazon Duchy's Royal Navy unconditionally surrendered, and the holy war at sea ended.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Amelia Sauron

Race: Underworld race (changed from race!)

Age: 32 years old

Two names: [Third Mother of Gluttony Dragon] (NEW!), [Wife of the Great Demon King] (NEW!)

Job: Magical Idol

Level: 41

Job history: Apprentice maid, maid, lady, apprentice magician, magic lady, transformation lady, fire attribute magician

・Passive skills

Mental pollution: 7Lv

Status abnormality resistance: 1Lv (NEW & integrated with [Poison resistance]!)

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 5Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Husband: 5Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Transformation: 3Lv (UP!)

Night vision (NEW!)

Superhuman strength: 1Lv (NEW!)

High speed playback: 1Lv (NEW!)

Magic power increase: 1Lv (NEW!)

Enhancement of magic attack power when equipped with a staff: Medium (NEW!)

・Active skills

Housework: 3Lv

Etiquette: 2Lv

Butoh: 4Lv (UP!)

Pillow thing: 1Lv

Non-attribute magic: 4Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 6Lv (UP!)

Fire attribute magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Life attribute magic: 3Lv (UP!)

Staff technique: 3Lv (UP!)

Familiar Demon: 3Lv (UP!)

Singing: 3Lv (NEW!)

Cooperation: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Name: Elizabeth Sauron

Race: race

Age: 13

Two names: [Princess] [illegitimate child] [Daughter of the Great Demon King] [Possession of Vandalieu] [Sister of Gluttony Dragon] (NEW!)

Job: Magical Sword Princess

Level: 63

Job history: Apprentice magician, warrior, magician, magic sword user, transformation magician, transformation swordsman, magical girl, magical princess

・Passive skills

Fatigue resistance: 2Lv

Mental resistance: 3Lv (UP!)

Disease resistance: 3Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 4Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Transformation: 3Lv (UP!)

Magic power increase: 2Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Reign: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Housework: 2Lv

Etiquette: 1Lv

Horse riding: 1Lv

Spearmanship: 2Lv (UP!)

Breaking the limit: 7Lv (UP!)

Non-attribute magic: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 8Lv (UP!)

Earth attribute magic: 7Lv (UP!)

Fire attribute magic: 4Lv (UP!)

Life attribute magic: 7Lv (UP!)

Swordsmanship: 4Lv (UP!)

Shield technique: 2Lv (UP!)

Demolition: 1Lv

Magic sword limit breakthrough: 2Lv

Familiar demon: 4Lv (UP!)

Butoh: 3Lv (UP!)

Singing: 1Lv (NEW!)

Magic staff limit breakthrough: 1Lv (NEW!)

Armor technique: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Vida's protection

The next story will be posted on October 23rd.