Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 372: Before graduation

The Amid empire devastated the emperor and moved to the Amid Holy Land, which is not only faith but also politics. In addition, in Amidst the Holy Land, the Alda Melting School was established as a national policy, and the information that is being carried out was 震ed by the Orbaum Kingdom.

If you look from the Orbaum Kingdom of Fasson, you will see the arrowheads that are expected to fight the Amid empire and connect the Vidal empire and the Alliance with the power of Vida.

Of course, Vanderou knows that the Vidal Magic Empire is a Vida principle that recognizes the rights of vampire and the magician. Heinz, who moved the people of the Amid。, is also a deep enemy relationship.

On the other hand, the new breeds of Vida believers and Vidas in the Kingdom of Orbaum were wondering, “If Amid became the Alda fusion, it is not necessary to go to the war.”

Heinz, Amid, and Alda’s gods and temple forces, which are able to descend the bellwood of the 。, are also a problem for them.

It is still said that the power of the war has drastically decreased, such as the disappearance from the sharp forces such as "Jahhan Shichiyamasho".

......There were almost no opinions about whale in order to strike the end of the long-standing relationship. The grooves between the two countries are deep.

If there is a strong enemy that believes that both countries should defeat forces even if they sw。 past relics, then God will come off directly, and God's selection will lead people to the overwhelming績 and God's deity. People stop fighting when common enemies appear. After all, there is no conflict.

“The God of Justice” Alda originally wanted to do it.

However, Vandaloo, which was supposed to be a strong enemy in reality, is tying the Alliance with the Orbaum Kingdom, which had to defeat the King Gudulanis and work with the Amid Empire. That’s why we’re connected to this expansion.

And there was a good thing for the Kingdom of Orbaum. The people did not change while tilting to the Amid . The evaluation of "five-colored blades" has been greatly reduced before they move actively.

For the people of the Kingdom of Orbaum, the Amid empire and its home country have been an enemy country since the land. It seems to change the name of the holy nation, but it is not related to Alda fusion. The enemy country is only in the enemy country.

Heinz was born on the empire side of the Amid, and has earned high reputation and trust from the fact that he has been active as an adventurer in the Kingdom of Orbaum, but again Amid ... The support from the people who thought he was sleeping on the Amid。 part fell.

However, some of the people who have been assisted in the activities of Alda Fusionism have continued to exist. However, it is true that the reputation of the Alda Fuka派, who flags him and him, fell and the wind became stronger. Other than the Duchess of Fazon.

Heinz is still in heaven in the Duchess of Fゾン.

The five-colored blade was officially revealed to the Amid Empire, and he was expected to change his attitude, but he did not change his attitude.

According to a report from the d。 that each of the Duchess sent, the Duchess of Fazon is dedicated to the modern and true者 that Alda dispatched Heinz. He is already a madder of Alda.

And there seems to be no one who expressed the opinion to the Duchess of Fazon, because the Schne、s who were going to collect information for a short period of time were not able to catch information.

In the early stages, whether it was made to be the same genius as the Fazon, whether there is no intention or power inverse with the Duchess, or is eliminated, or none other than the external方針 of the forces to change the policy to the Duchess of Fazon.

The aristocratic tribes who cured the duches of the Orbaum kingdom, except the Fゾン Duchess, have been conscious of the first full-fledged intraturbation since the country.

On the other hand, the Vanderlus Vidal Magic Empire side was not shocked.

However, it was true that there was a big move to the enemy forces, so the meeting was held at the Royal Castle of Tarosム.

“But I think there are many people who work positively than negatively for us because the Amid empire changed to Amid、.”

However, there is no appearance of the Vandalu body, and it is the main body and the same appearance as the main body.

“Is it because of Alda’s fusion? If so, I would like to controversy.”

She was a member of the Legston Counter of the former Milg shield. Even if the empire decides to change the name of the holy country and the Alda Fukaze school as a national religion, the consciousness of the home country will not change so easily.

“In the capital of the Holy Land, there are many people who saw the dev。 of Berwood, and those who are in the light of the Lord of Alda have been a few, and the information obtained through the Kingdom of Orbaum. However, those who are not looking at the breakdown of Bellwood, especially local cities that are known only for hearing, and aristocratic and royal tribes that cure the country that has been frustrated since the day, should aim to be independent as a predetermined that the main structure is disturbing."

“I agree with my brother. Even if the policy change of the Amid。 country is not good, it seems to be honest and long. 5 years ago

The brother of the chessare, and the wife from the new breed of Vida, he said that Kurt, who became the suspicious vidal empire.

“It’s a plus for us”

But Vandalou also understood it.

The Amid Holy Land has changed its policy to Alda Fusion. It’s a good thing.

The values of people who do not have a big experience that directly sees the descendants of God will not change. However, some of the new species of Vida became a general person who is protected by law from discri  people authorized to persecute by law.

It will be followed by slandering, discrim  with work content and salary while living. However, if it is suddenly rich and slave, it will be much more complicated than before.

As for vampire, witch, and gours that are not protected by fusion, it has been treated with magic since before, so nothing changes even if it changes to fusion. not negative.

In the first place, the hidden village of the new breed of Vida died by Schneダーs.

And if the current system is not maintained for a long time, it is also a plus. Because the enemy country collapses for several to ten years without doing anything.

Even if you don’t plan to wait for years until it collapses.

“Amid... The Gods of the Alda Force are trying to assemble the power of the war, but I know that they are trying to hit me.

What Alda is going to do and how the Aileek works, you should try it here without a few years.

"There is no name of the Heinz, but it is Alda and the Pope's Aleek that led this one after all?"

In the question of the chessare, the main body type sword King was nodded.

“The power to move the Amid empire to the Heinz will not be able to descend the Bellwood. If there is a yearly time, I think that it was just like the FAZON Duke.

Taccard and Hadros said,

Vandaloo was a common politics. I know that the country is not able to move because of the lord of the government, but it is from the experience of defeating the se。. However, the policy of Vidal Magic Empire basically moved to the desired direction of Vanderou, so there was no experience of political resistance and serious collision.

For this reason, I would like to ask for an opinion to a friend.

“What is the only idols that Heinz is not involved in the politics of the Amidst Gods? What do we do with the Maje ? Will we serve from here or wait for the opponent to serve?”

In the words of the kult, the main unit type of use witch answered, "Well, calm".

There is no reason to burn. Let's wait for the aircraft. Amid to Orbaum, the aircraft luck of the Duchess of Vゾンon is formed, and the war is also unavoidable.

Alda doesn’t know what to do, but we shouldn’t make a good enemy because we continue to live in this world for 100 years and thousands years.

Even though the kingdom of the Orbaum is unfamiliar, the Vidal Magic Empire is attacked by the Amidst the Holy Land and the Baron. It is a country that invades another country depending on the mood of the manager ... Even if it is part of it, it should not be considered.

If Alda defeated Vandalou, the remaining number of humanity will be the same as about three thousand people who won the fight against the King Gudulanis. Even if it was a number that far lowers it, it may be going to rebuild the world over ten thousand years. I don’t know whether it is possible or impossible, but it is possible in the head of Alda.

However, Vandaloo doesn’t. If you defeat the Heinz, Amid, and Alda, you can not do anything later.

It is a condition to pursue self-happiness and not a goal to defeat honeys and aldas for Vandaloo. It is natural to think about national operation and外交lomatic after the fight.

Even if the Heinz's "five-colored blade", the escape will disappear if you crush the Amid and the Duchess of Fゾン. If you are attacking from the other side, it will be difficult to escape to beat it."

And the situation must be adjusted to determine the honeys. Now it seems to be in the capital of the Amidst the Holy Land, but it is unbearable that it was attacked and escaped like before.

However, if the Heinz had harmed herself when she breaked the Aディア’s maze, Vandalou might have been bombarded in the capital of Amid。.

The ability of the Aradian’s maze, which was once again found in the magical continent, was that the moon can be seen as a distant view. However, the moon changes like a huge eye, but this is a phantom caused by the maze, and even if it is attacked, the effect of the maze will not be damaged by the individual Aディア.

The effect range is anywhere in the world. Even if it is located at the point where the dyna  conditions are also targeted, the moon is coming out. It can be used even on cloudy or rainy days, but in that case, only clouds can be seen. And the range that looks at once is about tens of kilometers in diameter.

And the phantoms, as the moon changes to the huge eye, it is clear that it is seen from the ground. It is impossible to collect information hiddenly.

“Let’s continue to work on strengthening war power and strengthening relationships with the Orbaum Kingdom”

“What about it? Will you式 in this month’s graduation ceremony?”

。 I usually have a lot of units, so I will study until next March. I'm regretting that I could not kill the honey at that time."

Vandaloo, who is not graduating for half a year of preliminary school, is unfortunately breathing.

At that time, if you kill the honeys and destroy the souls of Bellwood, Vandaloo was going to sit in a preliminary school until next March.

At the meeting room of the Castle of Vidal Magic Empire, Vandaloo had a job change in the job change room.

Select 】ding

[Enhancement of Ability: Leading], [Guided]

【Super Power】、【Super Power】、【Super Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】、【High Power】

Along with the brain announcer, the sound that the guschaギs and the bones and muscles in the body can be distorted will sound, and the capillary blood弾 will be activated from the eyes and ears.

」

However, hemorrhaged blood seems to have reversed the video in the body of Vandalou. A drop of blood is not dripped on the floor of the job change room.

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

“[Capacity Enhancement: Leading] is the skill that leads someone and strengthens their ability?

“I don’t choose the next job.”

The job of the conductor was all done. Next:

"So, select [Fra、]"

・Name: Vandaloo Arc Hill Willowダ Zakart

・Type: Dumpire (Mother: Goddess)

Age: 13

・T) name: 【Gour Emperor】 【T)ure】 【Tマーure protector】 【Vida no Miko】 【T)ure】 【T)ure】 【T)ure】 【T)ure】 【T)ure】 【T) Warrior】 【Invader】 【Black blood Emperor】 【T)ure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure】 【Tマーure Guardian】 【T)ure of the Armor】 【T) who is the Glord】 【Savior】 【Wattle Man!NEW】

・Job: Faller

・Level:0

ゾンビ      

・Capacity

・Life force: 1,284,686+ (513,874) (428,170UP!)

・Magic power:107,376,237,237+(107,376,501,237) ,382,121,824UP!)

・Power :740,388+(74,03  (359,359UP!)

・Agility :608,913+(60,891) (197,813UP!)

・Hydraulic power:688,197+(68,819) (156,147UP!)

・Intellectual power: 821,189+(82,189) (234,480UP!)

・Passive skills

Super Power:6Lv(UP!)

Super Speed: 10Lv

Lv

Invalid status

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Darkness

Ayaya In  (integration of Spiritual In !)

無

Guided by: Ay耶 (導きding: Integration of Spirits!)

Magic Power Super Recovery: 5Lv (UP!)

Default Strength:6Lv(UP!)

Mytox : Fang Nail Tongue:4Lv(UP!)

Body Endless Stretch: Tongue

Unfair Attack Power: Inside

Body ultra-reinforcement (Hair toenail): 7Lv (UP!)

Magic Thread Purification:8Lv(UP!)

Magic Power: 10Lv

Magic Power Recovery Speed Super Rise: 4Lv (UP!)

Attack force during the magical gun attack: (UP!)

Life Power: 4Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Level 7 (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: 5Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Vidal Magic Empire: 7Lv (UP!)

Self-Regeneration: Coco ous:8Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Co-food: 8Lv (UP!)

Time-Capacity Enhancement of Souls (UP!)

Recovery Lv

Self-reinforcement: killing Lv

Cane equipped magic power enhancement: large (UP!)

Full capacity enhancement: Maximum (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead:1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Blood PressureLv

Lv(UP!)

Goム世: 4Lv(UP!)

False: 4Lv

Magic precision control:8Lv

神霊理 Lv(UP!)

Alchemy:5Lv

Lv

Simultaneous multiplayer:10Lv

Monster: 4Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Squadron Lv(UP!)

Super Speed Thinking:10Lv(UP!)

General:8Lv(UP!)

Weight Loss: 1Lv

Ghost: 4Lv

Screaming: 1Lv

Ghost Magic:8Lv

Magic: 1Lv

Magic: 4Lv(UP!)

Chip limit transceiver: 7Lv

Spirit:7Lv(UP!)

Lash:5Lv

Spiritual Change: Lightning

Cane:5Lv

High Speed Flight: 4Lv

Music: 4Lv

Lv(UP!)

Muscle:7Lv

Magic: 5Lv

Unique skills

10Lv



Lv(UP!)

宮Lv(UP!)

大

Home



Soul Bakurai:10Lv

Vida's protection

God's protection of the earth

Home

Zantak's Protection

Home

Lv(UP)

Witch

God of Origin

ク

Zulwarn's protection

Full Recording

Soul limit: 8Lv (UP!)

mutations



Home

Botin's protection

Pelia

World

Lead (NEW!)

Curse

No previous experience

Existing job failure

Inability to acquire self-power

“I don’t improve my skills in [Fra、s]. Let’s look forward to it.”

Because it is an avant-garde job that uses weapons from the name, it is expected that life force and power will rise in the skill of martial arts.

I didn’t have a job like [Neovandaloo] or [Highvandaloo]. Now you should please it.

“...Let’s go to the workshop because there is a little more time to meet.”

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――

●Job explanation: Spiritual guide written by Luciliano

A job that guides spirits. Unlike Slayers and the like, he doesn't seem to induce the living to die, but he specializes in spirits so much that it would be difficult to influence the living.

It may be easier to influence people who have jobs that involve spirits on a daily basis, such as [spirit mediums].

●Job explanation: Leader written by Luciliano

Judging from the name, it is thought that it is a job that means being the master of guidance, rather than someone who primarily guides and an existence that specializes in guidance.

It is thought that having experience in multiple mentor-type jobs is a condition for appearing, but it would be impossible for anyone other than a master to take on this job.

Another important condition may be that you are also guiding other guides or people who have the qualities to become a guide. In that case, Bellwood, who led the Nine Lords and Farmaun, would also have met some of the conditions. However, considering that Bellwood has not become a [leader], having experience in multiple leader-type jobs is probably more important as a condition.

The next story will be posted on June 5th.