Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 403: The stake of law being swung down and the demon king being devoured

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

"How did you move two people?"

Even if Jennifer and Dianabol disappeared beyond the gate, Heinz was convinced that two people were living.

“There is no need for you to know that you will disappear from now on.”

Gaffado Ghan

“The Duchess of Fゾン”

Vandalou repeatedly纏 the distance and assembled Jennifer and Dianabol, and assembled with [Viscous] to guphadoghan [transition gate], pushed away from the inside of the boundary mountain range to somewhere in the Duke of Fazon.

Stronger As we生きd, we live.

In the process of dissem , I was seriously attacked, "If you die, it is better?"

」

"T。 are safe." Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

Vanderou is a conversation between the quintessentials and the quintessentials of Vanderou, whose princess of Levia speaks.

"At least until the moment you have changed." I don’t know what I knew.

It is not because of the situation that Jennifer and Diana were not killed. Just because there were more reasons for killing Vandalou.

This is a personal harassment that reduces enemies by sharpening the power of "five-colored blades" that kill. However, if you want to sharpen the power of the war, you can just release it from [transition gate] as you did.

Re  enemies is the weakest reason. Jennifer and Dianabol were a member of the five-colored blades, because they collaborated with bellwood with high teamwork and aligners to enhance their respective strengths.

If you are a Jennifer and Diana, you don’t have to worry about Vandaloo. After that, if the two are trying to take the venge of the honey, you can kill again.

There are many enemies in this world. And it will appear in the next 100 years.

The two are the級s who are S-class adventurers. However, there are a lot of people who can appear in the past 100 years.

It is clear to see early candidates that can be made in a short period of time if you have a spirit by giving up and try. If Alda is slower to 戦 the Holy War, they would have grown to descend the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit rather than your use. At least, the gods of the Alda force were going to be.

It can only be expected to be 100 years or two hundred years later, but it is possible that a person suffering from a bad relationship with the Vidal Magic Empire, a national, or a person with a thoughtful reaction or。.

And personal harassment......If you kill someone because you hate it, it's just a murderer, so it's not. However, it would be more kind than that.

On the other hand, I can't live ... because I don't know anything where I got the soul of two people. If you come back to the enemy again, you might be able to find other opponents as the flag of the anti-Vandaloo. Conversely, it may be a contrary to the a  of the Duchess of Fazon who suffered damage in defeat.

That's it.

“Is it... I should say thank you for making it near Seleを in the Baangaia continent?”

No need. For our people, we are going to do more 、cy things to destroy our souls.

A戦iliation born to the opponent who challenged with a deter , a feeling of inability to do nothing while fighting the fellow who realized that when dying, and a feeling of despair that must survive the future.

If you are in that position, Vandalou thinks that it is not true. Gufadghan also opened the “transition gate” as “the best despair you can understand”.

......

"I can't afford to say thank you!"

By continuing the words of Vandalou, Kimberley, who is "existing" to his body, shakes the 鉤 claw.

“I know the situation where you are placed!”

On the other hand, honey plays a 光 claw with a saint sword. The reason why Diana and Jennifer were gone is that they lost their power.

Then, two people do not return before they decide. The two are alive, but from the Duchess of Fazon to the inside of the border.

Nain Road, who previously missed her in Orbaum, is in the shield of the Deliza. It is not possible to eat two people away.

In the case of space attribute magic, it is possible to bring two people to this place in principle. However, it is impossible to use the space-attribute magic that is 。 with God, if you visit both the inside of the boundary and the Dukes of Fゾン.

Or you may be able to have a space-attribute God that goes beyond Gphadeghan. If you have such a God in the Alda power, you will have a commutation gate of the Holy War of the Fazon and Amid. Or, I would have sent me to the inside of the boundary without touching the candidates.

At least, it is an effective hand than solving the seal of the soul of Gudulanis and parasting to the remnants of the Magus and the gods of the Vida family, and let Vandaloo sit in a place where it seems to have the power.

It is not possible to do it.

Vandalou pushed two people to the [transition gate], passing through the Duchess of Fasson, who knew it.

Heinz also sees it.

“How do we give up?”

However, if you don’t give up to the extent that your winnings have become too thin, you can’t find the Heinz and Deliza here. Originally, the winning rate is not zero, but it is a holy battle that is known to be close to zero.

Rather than responding to Alda’s intention to believe, it is stronger than the thought that Vandalu must defeat him before riding against Gudulanis that should be absorbed.

And the sense of crisis became strong because Vandalou became weak to the Holy Sword.

One year or a decade later, the danger of honey may be in reality. However, what about 100 years and thousands of years? Will Vandalou remain Vandalou?

This is because it may become a  gue after 100 years or thousand years. Heinz, and Deliza, who fight with him, don’t know that it is completely correct and can be praised by all people.

If the target is not Vandalou, the Heinz was chosen to be committed to the people of 100 years or thousand years, and I could not choose to fight it.

However, Vandaloo has become strong with a horrible momentum. In the decades, born in this world, it is not the same as the S-class adventurer, but until the win of the uncompleted and revived Gudulanis.

I don’t know whether Vandalou will be strong at the same pace as before, but I suspect that there will be a place to defeat him after 100 years.

If there is no existence that Vandalu can defeat him when Vandalu was transformed as the King of Gudulanis in the far future, he must stop Vandalou now.

"[Evil Evil Evil Evil Evil Evil]! "

?」

I cut down the maze with such a thought, and I cut the sword from the brain of Vandalu, whose ghosts are possessing.

"Omaeda is not using Vanderou's fl、! [Meteoronics]!"

I continued to try to release the slasher again. It is because I was thinking that I could defeat the body of Vandaloo.

(First of all, I defeated the main body, and I defeated all of the messenger kings! I have no way to defeat Vanderou!)

Since Deliza also knows the idea of the honey, he earns time by preventing the attack of the soul of Vanderou. However, Vandaloos should not read the論us of the Heinz.

"Re」!"

The Vandalu body, which was made two from head to hip, was separated from left and right.

?」

Heinz's slasher, which was not known to be escaped in such a way, ended only to destroy the vanity.

“I have done it well!”

“Let’s make ice!”

Then, from the left half of the body left behind, the flame, and the left half of the body left behind will release the cold air mass.

"We will meet you."

』

In addition, at the same time, the king of use gathers and merges into each cutting plane. The armor of the red black cured blood regenerates the body, and each of them became Vandalou.

“Wow! The life force and regeneration power of the body are higher than expected!”

Heinz, who had not defeated before playing, is a holy sword,炎 flames and cool air, trying to continue attacking. Originally, if you defeat the body, you know that you can defeat Vanderou. It is not wasted because it was consumed for the revival of the use witch King more than it had to defeat the use witch King.

“I don’t do it!”

However, the third vandalous   up while leaving the electric shock.

"Wow!? Did you play the whole body from the blood?"

The third vandaloo was regenerated from a part of the blood that erupted when the sword was cut.

"The body of the body of the long time, but it is too easy to move, I'm puzzled."

“It’s the body of your Maje。.” I am accepting people without resistance at all.

"I'm a good guy."

The princess of Levia, Olbia, and Kimberley, who were dependent on the fl  without the soul of Vandalou, were divided into different bodies, and now they were persuaded to the fl。 of the three Vanderou.

And the half of the blood sprinkled will change to the new use magic king.

After all, it is impossible to defeat the witch king if the whole body is not dusted by a single shot, and next to the wings that I think so, the derザ is blown away by the shield in Vanderou.

“Delivery!”

"I'm sorry! I don't care it!"

"No, it's a replacement." “You are more efficient than you”

“I can’t forgive me?”

"[Tenju G】ing Sword Wave Slasher]!"

Vandaloo showed the behavior of trying to convince when Heinz and Deliza try to exchange opponents. In contrast, the Heinz will 動 the martial arts that fly the slasher to prevent it.

However, Vandalou attempted to avoid slashing and to do it at the same time by changing the body of the soul.

"【Kaishin Shield Waves】!"

However, Deliza used her martial arts technique to emit shock waves from her shield, crushing the demon kings around them and making it impossible for them to approach them.

(I see, Deliza is certainly better suited to crushing the familiar demon king than Heinz)

(Then let's proceed as planned, me)

(Please leave it to me)

(Well, if I can kill Heinz like this, that would be fine.)

Vandalieu evades the slashing attack by transferring his soul to the familiar demon king, who was transformed from the blood and pieces of flesh that were scattered during his one-on-one fight with Delaza, and then attacks Heinz.

“You seem intent on killing me, but do you really think that’s possible? ”

“In fact, I have defeated over several hundred demon lords here!”

``The number of familiar demon lords is increasing at the moment. ”

In the direction Vandalieu pointed during the fierce battle, countless black insects...the Familiar King was eating.

"...it tastes bad"

``Eat without thinking, and it will increase.''

In False Talosheim, there are only the remains of building-shaped golems. What the Familiar King was eating was organic matter contained in the golem's remains... wood.

It chews up plants with its strong jaws, digests and absorbs them with its powerful internal organs, and then divides and multiplies like an amoeba. And the increased number of demon lords fly and lurk everywhere on the battlefield.

``I'll kill you right here.'' But it doesn't have to be today. It doesn't matter if it's tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, next month, or next year.

Literally, I can continue to fight by eating grass roots and grubs.''

“I see, the fact that you are trying to break my heart like that means that my tactics are correct!”

『……』

All Vandalou squeezed on the honey without a様子king appearance.

Actually, the battle method that the Heinz people are doing is correct. The problem is only whether it can be executed. And it is quite unpleasant to see from Vanderou being done.

(This is because I was too much to eat the soul of Gudulanis)

The surplus of the battle is descended into the ruins of the fake Tarosム. In its influence, the fact is that there are quite a number of useless demons disappeared.

Because it is increased in number than quality, it is light in terms of damage, but the damage is large in terms of being disturbed.

It’s uncomfortable. ......In another place, we will eat waste materials, weeds, underwater planktons, and the de。s of broken use witches, and later we will carry them to Gufadoghan.

(I don’t finish the 掛け, but let’s cut a few different 札s)

From the past life experience of Vandalou, we have taken the policy that people who have as many cards as possible and who have taken it to the end win.

This time, Vandaloo has multiple cuts. There is also a stamp that you can get because of the unexpected 行age of Alda.



When I thought so far, Vandaloo warned Gaffadghan, remembering the cold. If it is a gap, it is cut off the arm to the saint sword of honey, but if you are not concerned, it will release the suspicious line from the back eye and stretch the手を。.

“Wow!? I’m sorry... I’m a great Vandaloo!”

"Please drop down, Alda! Good! "

However, it was a bit late. Gwhadghan, who had landed in a narrow space behind Vandalu, was a “mirror god” Rapan, not the existence that Vandalu had attacked.

“Rapan! Ohnore, Vanderou!”

It was the God of the dignified man whose sashimi of the pile, and the God of the statue of the dignified man.

"Alda!? On the ground??"

Hearnz also said, whether Alda was on the ground and he didn’t notice that he was on the ground.

In fact, Alda and Lapain were disguised by the spirits and descended on the ground, and through the valley, they entered the boundary. However, it should be difficult to hide Alda, the Great God, even if Lapain has distorted the space and dived between it.

In particular, Alda does not have any right to hide his or her own配. I have the right to express existence as a god of light attributes and law.

“Rapang, you can wait for our return in the Gods.”

The tailor made it clear by Alda’s own actions.

Before Vandalou crushed his soul, Alda created a new “Pile of the Law” to penetrate the lapan.

"Happy! Oh, I'm relying on later............."

At that moment, the power of Lapain disappeared, and the手を。 of Vandaloo. And the glowing sphere around Alda...

I see. [Pile of law] I came to this place in a state where I sashied and put my strength?

A part of the white lobes that Arda supposes were red. Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

“Well, let’s do it!”

“What is Heinz, Bellwood! The wicked God enclosed! It’s time to consolidate our forces and defeat Vanderou!”

If you scold the honeysuckle of an amazing appearance, you will be able to see a new pile that is going to fight Alda himself.

Heinz had a face of something in his appearance, but he recalled that it is not such a case, and he is relative to Vanderou as a vant-garde of his faith in front of Alda.

"It is a genius god when it comes to depressing God who has committedの, and making it a tool for the fight..."

"Sound! It is not if you choose a means to protect the world's peace and order!"

“I’m not going to threaten the order, but it’s not going to be safe. I’ve been working on this fight, so I’m going to be a good one.”

Instead of trying to kill the honeys, Vandaloo didn’t remember how to threaten the security of the world.

Even in war, wars between humans are becoming more difficult than ever. If you have caused a war, it should be noted that God has threatened the peace of the world.

In fact, many of the wars of the world have never been able to see that the whole humanity is at risk of death.

However, Alda is not going to hear the rebellion of Vandalu.

"New King Vandalu! You have to bet everything to funer yours! So all is justified!"

Over 10,000 years ago, it is said to protect the world from Gudulanis. At that time, I had to use my hands to win because it is certainly a crisis of the world's death.

However, Vandaloo is not going to conquer the world differently from Gudulanis, but it is not dangerous to the survival of the world unless he is caught and absorbed by Gudulanis as if he is threatened.

However, Vandalu is not known to have a mir  that goes through mutual understanding with Alda and leads to settlement.

This is a suspicion that occurs in the enemy while killing. I know that there is no difference between the beast barking.

That’s why I was doing this.

[The Conquest of the King of the Devil], [God: The Devil's God] won!

[Mama King] [Mama King's Conquest] was integrated into [Mama Castle God]!

"Bento, Gochiso, Gaffado Ghan"

No. I'm looking forward to seeing you.

A giant sp -like wicked god that combines the Vanderlust crystals. The main body of Gphadoghan, the wicked god of the maze.

“What’s it?”

“It’s the main body of Gufadghan... I’m talking about how to make time to come!”

Awesome Alda and Heinz, but in fact, the body of Gufadoghan in the state of 同化ding Gudulanis, which was incompletely revived by assimilation of the evil god of the Magic Castle, is now a ske ed ske ed in the pile, and the re。ation of Gufadoghan was carried in a narrow space from a while ago.

After that, I had to 印 the sealed Gudulanis with timing and release her body, but I took it as a cut.

And Alda appeared when I tried to cut exactly. And she released her while having a meaningless question. That’s it.

What is the ugly bleaching in front of the great Vanderou? I want to know shy

“I don’t have words.”

“T』’s it? Let’s re-partition and continue?”

The battle was just getting stronger.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.