Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 339: Cannot graduate from waist purse

On the next day after Vandalou re ed, he returned to school. Meolilis and Randolph, as written in the letter, the hospitalization period was only seven days, and he sighed, “Is this going?”

“What was happening while you are in the hospital... I will hear it wrong.”

I know. The power balance of the Kingdom of Orbaum was changed to be hidden yesterday. The true story of what I can do is to my hands only as a school manager."

Vanderlus and Elizabeth don’t say anything, but because they don’t say anything, they had a lot of測ulations and struggled with their head.

The shield behind Elizabeth was the replacement of the leam sand wing family and the hospital of the former owner. And the Count of Jahan, who had no edges, became her guardian as a new back shield.

The elizabeth is not the residence of the Duchess of Jahan, but the mother and maheria are brought to the house of the Honorary Count of Zakart.

“If you think in common sense... Even if you put things that are not common sense, it would be that the Count Jahan tries to do something to the Duchess of Sauron through the Count of Zakart. Is it possible to increase the power of Jahan, Alcム, and the duches of the duches of Saulon, and to strengthen their influence?

After that, if you think, you are going to push the Imperial army back in the war with the Amid Empire, and you are going to become a 地 in the distribution of the territory you got in the opposite invasion.

“However, I think that Zakart’s Honorary Counter is not in front of the Duchess of Alkrem and the Duchess of Jahan. The black curtain is Vandaloo.

“I feel like it, but I don’t think too deep.” No, it’s good to think. Deep We don’t have any relationship with you.

No relationship. So, Randolph stopped the word.

I learned whether it is unrelated.

So far, as a S-class adventurer, I have been in a relationship only through a request with a large noble. I didn’t have interest in politics as much as possible, but I didn’t have interest if I didn’t get a fire powder around myself or myself.

However, it’s too big to be indifferent in the past few years.

In fact, he was not asked himself, but he was infiltrated as a royalty of the遊, to examine Vandalou.

“I don’t have any relationship, but I think I should be able to take care of the storm.” Let’s go through and check it.”

Meorilis, who is going to come out of the room with the face of the current era, emphasized that “await!”

Don't worry. I just talk to the other person who usually asks. No dangerous thing

"Who do you worry about?" I know you’re better than anyone else. I’m not sure. Today, the lectures in charge are packed until the day, so it’s a problem if I can’t do it.”

"...I'm like that."

Then, Randrph remembered his position as a teacher.

It is not only Randalphs that are sprinkled with Vanderau’s behavior. I love the students of the school. However, many students do not know that they are sprinkled in Vanderou.

“Well, do you hear? The story of the Duchess of Jahan became the back shield of Elizabeth”

I heard. In a sudden meeting in the Royal Palace yesterday, the Duchess of Jahan said directly to the official of the Duchess of Saulon."

"Is it true? Is it a Vidal Saulon who is a substitute? Elizabeth's abdo  brother"

“Good, different.” The substitute is the abdo  of our Lord and is different from the abdo  brother.”

The students are adventurous-oriented boys, but there are few noble brothers in them. For this reason, they also know the big news that flies to the aristocratic society of Orbaum. ......I don’t know that the people who attended the conference were 口 with the Mage King’s Flaw.

“I can’t say that the Jahhan’s shield behind anyway.”

。 I'm saying that the atmosphere has changed.

“Oh, it’s a little less to take a roll like before, and it’s time to solicit Alex.”

"No, you're walking with the take-up roll, just change the face touch."

“Well, what is it? Do you take it?”

The former Elizabeth was a person who was looking for a scenic spot rather than being adored.

It is the center of the topic in various ways.

On the other hand, the name came out as part of the topic about her, and the cheek cane was attached in the classroom.

「……」

He has not changed anything before the Vanderlus appeared separately. There was no restriction on the use of the large appraisal maze. Just Vanderlou, and Elizabeth and Zorna have promised not to talk about his fellow status information.

That’s why we’ve continued to study excellent results except for practical cooking. I am a school student with my friends.

However, it is not possible to deny the reason that Elizabeth is chasing.

。 ... but it was only a weakness in Vandalou. “I don’t have any threats, but I feel like I was caught up.”

“I think it’s because they’re caught up by Elizabeth. Actually, I'm getting strong with a horrible momentum."

。 I think it is difficult to win in the party unit even if I fought. Of course, I heard about Vandaloo.

In the words of Alex, his party members of the two spear streams of Robin and the magician Anabelle give their opinions.

Alex has been pushed up to Elizabeth. They are not yet成績d by grades, but they will not have it too long.

The growth of Elizabeth is so significant.

“Training in real fighting while receiving coaches of Heart Warrior”

Robin turbid the word for the promise of Vanderou. It was written by Alex that his ザ Elizabeth had received [Vandalu's protection], but he gave it to school.

“Oh, I’m convinced that I can grow rapidly.” It may be difficult to . Of course, I'm not going to give up."

If Elizabeth continues to grow in this momentum, Alex will be cast out. If God does not give to Alex, andザsaves has no more protection or has received more stringent lessons.

Alex is also aiming to be equal to C-class adventurers by graduation, but Elizabeth will be comparable to B-class adventurers or gain more strength than same.

In such a case, the dungeon boss can not beat a sword with Alexes who can only dive into the practical dungeon that is the magic of rank 5.

Of course, it is not that the results are determined only by the strength of a simple combat force ... The Elysabスs are taught by the senior adventurers of the Heart Warrior and Vandalu's deceased.

It is difficult for Alex to escape while keeping the lead.

However, I do not want to be satisfied with the second hand. The person who does not aim for the first is not the second or third.

"After graduation, let's change the schedule in the direction of getting more on the road and getting more track record."

And I didn’t want to give up as an adventurer.

"Oh, I'm finally blowing out?"

"It's something that I've always noticed. Well, I can understand the feelings, but I can not worry too much about Towa-chan."

"It was bad." Even if you have never caught up with someone before, you didn’t know that you’ve been caught up with someone, so you’ve been shocked by yourself.”

When Alex reopened, Elizabeth was in a free classroom that was used as a meeting room.

She sits alongside Maheria with her eyes with her unbelievable eyes. Before that, there are zona and mascot party members.

And Vandalou was sitting alone between the two.

“T。’s why I’m a person who gave me a dream of a mathema。 seniors or gives me an extra protection.” However, I don’t remember what kind of dream I’ve seen.

"Vandaloo, you? Is it still good? Thank you. However, my dream was very scary. I thought I was really dead when I walked here to escape from a lot of people who worship you.

“I was also a dream to pick up your head and turn to your body without the neck, but I thought it was changed.”

“I’m really happy.” I don’t remember what dream I saw. I think it was a scary dream.

Matt, Torus, and Euzef controversially.

The situation where Elizabeth was hidden in the schedule of the childbirth ... confessed with the zona and mascot, such as what the mother was hospitalized and that he was forced to economically, and renewed the bond. After that, Vandaloo was going to talk about things that had been hidden in various ways, but it was a flow to apologize for the scary dream on the way.

By doing unconsciousness, it is not possible to give [advanced] to a certain extent, so I do not think that I did a bad thing with a lot of masturbation, so I do not remember the resistance especially to apologize.

......Although he has not yet apologized to Godwin, the former magician king, who once ran away from the gigantic head of Vandaloo.

"Oh, I'm good because I sleeped a lot. I can't wipe my feeling of discomfort even if I look at that dream. Good doctor, do not introduce?

"There is a heart, but the teacher is now being treated with poor physical condition."

“What’s New?”

“I’m a very good and enthusiasm teacher except for my consultation, but I’ve had a lot of stress... I’m eating too much.”

The doctor of Hoover did not admit the examination, but his arm was vandaloo.

“So, if you’re worried about it, let’s see it? I’ve had a lot of experience and実績s at the院, so it’s time to rest.”

“Oh, I feel that I will not solve this case even if I visit Vandaloo, so this time it is good?”

“Moreover, Vandaloo is not normal, but I think again!”

Elizabeth explains the flow of speaking to the strongest.

She shakes the heat valve against the zona.

"I'm sorry that I've been silenced to you. If you would like to have a party with me, it would be nice. However, it will be necessary to decide whether to live together with Vandaloo!

That’s why my mother believes that Vandalou is my husband, and no one denys it, and I’m getting two daughters to the status! I think I can’t leave it anymore!

Let me know!

“...I don’t have to make a dream every night.”

"Vandalu, please be quiet. “It’s a matter of communicating with you.”

Yes

ザ, the shock received by Elizabeth and Maheria, which were s pted variously, was so amazing that they were able to make their own life a big change before they met Vandalou, and there was no other return.

Of course, Elizabeth and Maheria are thankful for Vandalou. I’m grateful, but Vandalou is actually the emperor, and there is a big son like a mountain。, and we are strongly insisting that we are human, but I didn’t think it’s a person who gives up or dispatches a separate body, and “Is it only God?”

(I didn’t know that Vandalu was just a noble brother.) I was clearly concealed, and I was obviously not a human business, and I knew that there was no need to be able to treat my mother, listen to the院 in a week, brainstorm the elb。 of that, or normal.

............, when I was in Bakunawa, I wanted to be angry with myself, “I’m so sweet!”

ザzabeth moved to Silky Zakart Mansion on a sam truck that could not be imagined from the outside view, carrying his luggage while confusingly confusingly. After dinner, I moved to somewhere and met with Bakunawa. ...... Actually, there was a マmato on the spot, but her memory is not affected. It's time to come.

To be honest, I would like to compliment myself who was able to go to school without sleeping. It was Elizabeth and Maheria.

"Vandaloo is not a good thing to say to you who is the righteous of the lady......Please make your heart ready!"

Don’t worry about Maheria’s personality or position. The same student in the school is a party member, and Amelia is the same as my daughter.

Thank you very much for your understanding.

The facts who listen to the conversation with Vandalou and the tear-eye Maheria, looked at how they answered the words of Elizabeth and opened their mouth for a while.

“Is Elizabeth able to say about it?”

"I'm having a problem before me..."

“If you say it clearly... we are going to be too late.”

“I’m too late, but I know you guys!”

“No, it’s not so... we’ve heard that Vandaloo is not normal, it’s not always a question, or it’s not a thing of this world, and that’s what it’s like.”

“But I know this week, so I think it’s the same as Elizabeth.”

“Now... I was buried in the outer moat, or my brothers are considered to be the alchem side, and the Vanderou side exactly, but I feel that there is no choice.”

The royal family of the noble brothers, the royal family of the royal family, and the royal family of the royal family.

It is the influence of the Count of Alcrem, the encounter of the Princess Katy and Vanderou of the Count of Hartner, and a sudden replacement of the Count of Lime Sands of the other day, the Duchess of Jahan suddenly involved.

In addition, if you request to killer or assassin, you will not be able to contact the killer or organization itself. The rumor flowed when the killer or assassin who should be hired, in some cases, warned that he would be more involved to the hirer, or in some cases, come to kill.

In fact, there are some members of the aristocratic, merchant, and criminal organizations who have been missing this week.

In such a case, the parents of the facts, which are only accessories, even in a noble, were 震。ed, and it was originally a family, but I took a distance further. They don’t want to stop.

“Oh, you might have been interested in the officials of the Duchess of Alcム and the Duchess of Jahan. Thank you for your understanding. If it is good, I will ask you to explain to solve misunderstandings?

Don’t worry. We are not so good with family members.

"It is originally a preliminary of the long man of the trail. I don’t want to think about love.

"Oh, I think that if we become an adventurer from now on, we can solve it with the family of the real family. ......If you feel our senses, you just took the distance one by one."

It is a situation that is not usually taken distance, but it feels that it was cut off, and it is not easy to remember the resent.

However, the facts had received a special lesson from Vandalou before, and they had a spiritual abundance by trying to be an adventurer. That’s why I didn’t know that I could catch up with my family.

“Hey, I got to say it!”

“What is the house like that?”

"It's okay because I was inverted before I left the distance. "I'm going to say to Vandaloo"

"... I'm not threatening now, that's it."

“How did you tell me about it? If so, I still had a、, and should you say “Your father, your daughter?”

When Vandaloo said that, Zona laughed around his neck.

“If you are a real father, don’t worry because you don’t think it’s a parent or child! I’m talking to my mother.”

“Is it right?”

“What is Elizabeth’s daughter?”

“In fact, we are more concerned about it than our own の...”

"Zona, MACTO, and detailed explanation are later. I'm going to check it, but I'm going to talk about me.

I asked Elizabeth overlap. It was because he didn’t have any other choice, but he didn’t want him to get on with his own will.

The magnitudes and zona, which were asked overlapping, fell head towards Elizabeth.

"Elysabス, sorry. We have all the objectives and have visited you.”

“I think I’m doing it thinly, but I’ve followed the instructions of the former Lime Sands through my family.”

“I don’t want to say that I’m not going to fall, but I’m not going to pull out my hands in practice, or in、 to fail with Alex’s solicitation.”

“It’s so thick that we say, but we’ll continue to work on Elizabeth!”

"Please"

ザsabス was nodded to five people who said so.

。 You are a party member I chose!

"Thank you for Elizabeth!"

“We will come with you again!”

"I'm going to have it."

While looking at Elizabeth’s strong bonds as a companion, he believed that the daughters who grew up in the same way as the sisters grew up in a short period of time, and the eyes became hot.

“But, what’s going on?”

Elizabeth is the fifth person ... I揺ed and shaked the shoulders of Vandalu, which were   next to Eusev.

“Of course, I’m sure that I’ll be able to wear the elizabeth’s hips or take a roll.”

“Your Father!? Do not graduate your daughter’s hip drawstring or take-up rolls?”

“I don’t know what kind of position should I put in this school if I の my waist drawstring.”

“What is it?”

Even if he screamed in Elizabeth, Vandalou did not intend to stop her hip draw. If you’re busy, you don’t know what to do at school when you stop wearing your hips, and how much it should be with your party member Elizabeth.

In this page, I learned a sense of familiarity with my own gufadoghan.

“Oh, Elizabeth, who still don’t know about him will be a chamomile.”

“After that, I think I would be happy to hear the explanation of my father and daughter.

Let's give up. There are times when Vandaloo listens to the story. I can't hear it now.

“I don’t have to do it.” I'll give up now! I'll have to meet the zonas with their mothers. Do you have to meet the next time?

“Oh, I don’t know when it will be, but since there will be a major incident related to the future of the Kingdom of Orbaum, please understand it.”

“What’s it?”

“What do you do?”

“I don’t know it! What is it?”

“I don’t know how big the incident is yet... I’m trying to make things that Urugen Terkatanis is not good.”

The politics of the kingdom of the Orbaum election, the real number one is the con  . Elizabeth, who heard it, was convinced that it would crack more than two countries in the国の case of the future of the country.

“I’m an enemy with the five-colored blade, which is the main character of the Kingdom of choice, and I’m going to kill it in the future.”

"It's very thin. If you give out the name of "five-colored blade", Mr. Isen and Mr. Zadilis will be disappointed.

"I heard that I have been actively taking a distance with the Fukaze family."

“Oh, I didn’t know how to kill it directly...”

"But more about the company's plans!"

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post. As they say, if you observe the daily behavior and religious activities of Vanderouts, you will be aware that anybody may have a bad relationship with Alda Melting Orthodox belonging to Heinz.

In addition, for Elizabeth, it seems to have a strong interest because it is a more familiar threat to a predecessor who can not do the country rather than killing the distant refugees and future vandalous.

“Now, there is no solid foundation in the middle of the search, but I don’t think it’s unrelated to us at the timing.”

The宮dow of the Royal Palace of Orbaum, there were no sound and the people who dressed in the black armor.

All of them are the former assassin...Vandalou and their affiliates, or those who try to be kidnapped.

They knew the route to invade the Royal Palace that should not be able to enter, because they were only hired by aristocratic and large merchants.

However, they are not able to enter all places of the Royal Palace. Neil, the only limited part that they can surely invade, and in part there was no abnormality.

Sorry. In this page, more in、sions must be dangerous."

“I changed a part of the outer junction into a fake object, and I broke it as if I could not notice, but it seems to be double tripled inside the Royal Palace.”

T  who have been killed and undeaded by Vandaloos, and those who pledge to remain alive will report to their mouth.

"Trying"

The reported existence worked on them with a flat voice that could sound like something un機onable, but comfortable to the ear.

"...If you are ordered, you will always be able to see the results."

"Even if the head of the predecessor..."

The assassin who interpreted it as a result of their incompetence, tries to prove their loyalty.

“I don’t want to make things」ish.”

However, their claimed existence was abandoned.

“The value of your predecessors is already determined by the great Vanderou. You'll be disappointed here and that's the will of Vandaloo.

Follow the will of the great Vanderlus

Gaffadoghan, who gave the will of Vandaloo. In fact, assassin's work is enough.

You can break a part of the outer junction to the royal palace where the magic that consumes more than a certain amount of magic, including the [transition] of the spatial attribute, and to the royal palace where there is a junction to inform the invasion of spirits, undeads, daemons, etc.

Then you can open the [transition gate] to allow you to enter and exit the ally. It is enough work.

Even if they don’t have any, the same thing was done if the Duchess of Alcム and the Duchess of Jahan cooperated with the invasion work. However, because of them, they can do things without the risk of being injured by Terkatanis and other nobles.

......The reason why Gwhadghan was un機onable was that he had to leave a temporary car behind Vandalu (body).

"Now do transfer"

And the body looks like a beautiful girl of gaffadoghan's silver hair. And from the cross section, the legs of the蜘蛛 resembling the sp。 grow.

、

“The Origin of Ninja”

“Fifov, I’m all working today.”

And from Gphadoghan, the sleigher of the 'King', and the 'King' of the 'King', the braga of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King', the black goリン, and the region appeared.

Next story will be posted on October 21 after 5 days.

The 6th edition of my book will be released on October 25th. The cover is also available on the Saga Forest official website.