Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 355: The Demon King Who Uses Human Power

"NuOh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

It was Gudulanis who received the direct shot of the ス of the ヴェ of the ヴェezfor, but it jumped out of the torrent with shouts dyed in 。ently. It seems that it was impossible to cause a big damage in the ヴェ of the rives for Bres under the  .

However, it seems that the pride of Gudulanis was chewed by the presence that I thought was a disposable dog.

"Don't you cut out the sealed seals, and then remove the swords!? Is it possible to keep the bone marrow??"

Gudulanis is a  ent and  ent. To him, Rvezfor screamed again while screaming [the brain of the torrent].

"I've unlocked the seal! I've returned to the true figure in the shade! I've been missed because it was sealed. What will happen if I received the seal again after this?"

Luvezfor has never been thanked for the cancellation of the seal in Gudulanis. Ning, I was angry when I was doing extra work.

Indeed, he wanted to take off from the lower-class wiburn among the   species, which is the lower descendant of the  . However, I don’t really want to return to true.

If you are wondering, Rvezfor has been done variously, but it was originally the enemy of Vanderou. Instead of removing his fangs from Vandalou, Vandalou has been attacked in the wetlands where he was deprived of the reserved man’s faith in the boundary.

And in the tens of thousands years ago, the warrior of the world who joined the dyna、 army, and after the seal of Gudulanis, he continued to fight against the enemy without apology to the Vida family.

It was sealed after being sタed to the sナイers of the storm of 嵐ence encountered during the escape after being deprived of the wetlands that were governed by Vanderou. ...... and Rvezfor.

In fact, even if he receives a sermon of fear from the マ of the Vida 派, such as the "Yamahito Ryujin" tiamato, he was sealed, and he died only by lightly hitting him because he was バーンile and weak.

However, the impression of the ヴェezfor before being sealed from the Vandaloos was thin. The current impression of Vandaloos is "Powvina's pet". It is not subject to hatred or other。s.

It may be a bit troubled to existence with one personality. However, there was a myth that God who罪ned to the earth was punished by being a person's obedience and compensated for。.

And of course, Rvezfor is also a companion for Vanderou. If there is a person who tries to add harm to the Rvezfor again, he would rather eaves. The pet is a family.

However, I didn’t think about it. In his perception, he’s because he’s the Rvezfor. So I didn’t have a gudulanis invitation too.

“Who did you come back to your dog like you?”

“I’m a lose dog!”

“I’ve lost tens of thousands years ago! Who will follow you, like you who have not had the strength of the past, with a special black star! This old world remains!”

That’s why I’ll follow her instructions as “Powvina’s Pet” and put a  and fear on Gudulanis.

“...Wave you been a バーン?”

。 Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. “I don’t have a new collar”

"It's not good for me." Didn't you think about backing?

In the words of Randolph who did not know that Lvezfor was a 。, Paulina was confident and hearted.

“Rvez is the Rvez even if he returns to the original.” If you’re in Luvez, you know that Van is stronger.

"...I can't cure the wound even if I solve it and sealed it, and I can't think that even if I turn one pillar to the enemy, the battle situation will come out.

Because I understand the roots of Rvezfor more than trust and bonds, I did not think about the possibility of切り. Forget and supplement her opinions about Fidi Lug and Gudulanis.

...... 13 or more... I was not silly because I had more strength than myself.

It was a conf  of Gudulanis that Rvezfor was not only one time but also three times.

Of course, it is not to leave the gudulanis attack only in the vezfor. Vandaloo shoots the thundering spears in。 with his [the brain of the torrent], and Randolph and Dalcia also release magic.

"I'm sorry! I'm葬ish to expect my betrayaler!! I'll be fun with you!"

However, Gudulanis did not become weaker than this. He stretched his fingers and made his swords and screamed his arms at high speed.

】

The swords of Gudulanis, which were uncounted in a moment, were cut off the magics of the Vanderouss and the Bles of the torrents.

“It’s a martial arts with a martial arts, and a martial arts that originated with a simple hand!? Even if it’s技ten, it’s a magic king?”

Dalcia swayed the neck in Randolph, so poisoned.

"It's different, Mr. Randruff. It’s amazing to use martial arts.

Not only Randolph, but also Vandalu, all of the people said to Dalcia.

The fl  of Gudulanis is the fl  of the king. This is the same as the vandalous weapon. Even if you pay the ス's brainstorm or attack magic by hand, it is not possible even if it is intact or not large.

However, it is strange that Gudulanis uses martial arts. If you are a singer, Gudulanis is the King. It is a kind of God. It is because there is a presence outside the scope of the global status system, and there is a presence that can not have status as well as the acquisition of the essential skills to trigger [arms].

Therefore, neither the six-way holy before being sw。ed in Gudulanis nor the martial arts were not used.

“I’m God, but I’ve been in a way that I’ve built up for a long time, so I’ve got a false status in a kind of magic. However, there should be no time in Gudulanis."

“Is it possible to use the status system for myself to drink the soul of Edgar as it is?”

When Vandalou puts a guess that came up with the words of Gufadghan, Gudulanis distorted the mouth into a laugh.

The status system was one of the reasons why we could lose our bellwood. It is said that the evaluation will change if it is used carefully, but it can be used by myself.

It is also convinced that Zezore  tried to use"

In the words of Gudulanis, he explains that he has his own skills. For this reason, Vanderouts had a high level of caution against Gudulanis.

Edgar is an S-class adventurer who is 醒ing to the top skills. There are many passive skills and active skills.

It is used by Gudulanis who is far more than human in physical capacity. It will be a step different from when power and speed were Edgar.

“Are you? What is Edgar?”

Heinz, who understands that he is tampering the soul of his fellows, set up a holy sword with a声. Deliza is also familiar, so it seems that it is no longer going to leave.

“What do you think? It’s convenient, but it’s like this!”

At the same time, Gudulanis expressed six ghosts around him.

“What’s the Ghosts?”

Heinz, who is unprecedented to all of them, and whose ghosts are unprecedented in this world.

However, Vandaloo, Kanako and Legion were watching.

“Well, I’m the owner of [Copy] in Johnny Yamaoka of [Barol]” ......

"[Altemis]'s Catherine, [Sleepneil]'s West Mirror, and [Aless]'s Sugiura ... I've been out before?"

“I heard from Vandalou, it’s the sixth road. I don't have a dar, but I don't have it?

The ghosts were not the insiders of the dead reinforcer without encountering Vandaloo or the bander whose contents were the same. Even if he was deprived of his own life, he was unfamiliar with Vanderou, and he was crazi enough to follow.

“Oh, I use power for me!”

"Yes! Mr. Rokudo!"

However, it seems to be a convenient hand piece of Gudulanis that absorbed six times more than now. Undead because it is not led to Vanderou...Is it unclear whether it is操ed by Gudulanis by making it a magical thing, or whether there is no distinction between the sixth and Gudulanis.

“Oh, it’s a little! It’s not a six-way!”

“I don’t know what you’ve absorbed the Lord and the Lord. I’ll smile!”

“Oh, I don’t have to be able to identify it because the body is the same.”

"Sound, the end of the failure! Rokudo became a united with the magic king!"

The eyes of the ghosts of the pavilion that pointed out the facts are blackened up to the white eye, and the face is distorted. It’s clear that he’s lost his rightness.

If you say that Gudulanis himself is not the sixth-way holy, you will not reach their ears.

Let’s start with it. ...... Sugiura! Catherine! [Slasher blades]!

The flock of the blade of the Death Attribute Magical Force is now released with the ability of the re s.

[Aless]'s [power double] increases power, and the magic that became more accurate inミス with Catherine's [Altemis] is released to the Vanderlus.

"I'm!? I'm coming!"

"Rvez! I'm back!"

No fear of the rebellion of Gudulanis, disappointing the wolf and disturbing the brain, and Paulina puts the instructions on the vervezfor and descends behind. A pine that flys like a dance, taps [slasher blades], and hits the powvina's swinging single stick when crossing the side.

However, [slasher blades] which had a problem of being crushed continues to aim for the ヴェezfoll. The blades that are suitable for other faces were also used to target someone specific by [Altemi]. As I mentioned earlier, I didn’t want to discriminate anything that exists.

For that [slasher blades], Kanako released water attribute magic trying to deal with in the same way as the previous. However, the black blade bears the water flow received from the side and keeps aiming for her without crushing.

"Sturdyness is also [powerful double]?"

"No." More than ever before, the amount of magic that was put in the magecraft increased, and the kneading of the art increased.

Guphadoghan  ulates [transition gate] in one place, and guesses it. However, [Slasher Blades] with the ability of [Altemis] continues to aimed at prey by avoiding her open [transition gate] in a strange orbit.

“Wow! You should keep the swords on your hand!”

[Slasher blades] Every time the blade is cut off, Randolph was squeezed. Atheist: He did not have a mythical or legendary sword created by the swords and Gods.

It is a tool. However, if the Randolph of the current era振s weapons。 from God, the officials of the God-derived temple are entangled with something and there is troublesome.

I didn’t have any problems. There are no differences between the magical swords and the holy swords that have been trained in the history of God. And if you have a high level of skill, most enemies fell without suffering. There was no problem when I fought to seal the [Witch King's Flaw].

However, it seems that even if it is enough to make the opponent a condition that only the missing part of the body is running, it was lacking to opponent the magical King Gudulanis who revived incompletely.

In this case, I thought I would be able to help the students by 矜tivating the teacher’s pride, but I saw the Aila.

】

Black Excursioner’s Sword without the tip of the Aila cuts out the [Slasher Blades] that are placed together.

"It was helpful!"

。 ......If the school is not reopened, I will be troubled.

Ira was a preliminary study at Waseda University, aiming for a meal and dinner with Vandalu (although Elizabeth).

If you are a samurai, you can endure it. In addition, even if you are indispensable, will you be able to stop if you hit here?

However, I had a serious thought.

“I think that’s true, but...”

"Some counters may not work much"

Legion was running on his own that Ira tried. [Slasher blades] shrimp the legion's meat and slashes the arms, body and heads that were intertwined.

Each time Eleschkigar 動s “Counter” and gives Gudulanis the same damage that he receives. Gudulanis did not take measures such as bruises immediately after a serious attack, so many cuts were en。d on the black giant. But he screams and laughs.

“Is it dead? It’s good, I can’t shoot anything!”

The red-black blood splashes the body's tears, but the wounds are immediately closed and recovered. The revival of Gudulanis seems to be not only magical but also vitality.

"[Reinforcement of Life]"

Dalcia screamed “funky” by breaking the “slashing blades” and killing the beasts of life attributes created by magecraft.

“Edgar doesn’t seem to have an excellent magical arm.” When I got his status, it was a magical . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

"It's not!"

Because there is a honeysuckle down the bellwood, it is dangerous to leave from Gudulanis, and the deliza of "five-colored blades" which is directed to [slasher blades] answered while playing the blade with the shield of Orihalcon.

“Edgar also rode magic, but his arms were lower than the same magician! I can’t use such a precise magic power!”

That’s right. I don’t hear any rumors that were actually the masters of magic, though I think it’s important to trust you.

However, I didn’t know that Edgar was a magician.

If you say that Gudulanis was originally proud of the magic.

“I used magecraft before but I didn’t have a delicate technique. It’s just like Vanderou.

“I’m going to wear delicate technical skills, but it seems to be still very rough when I see it from Zadilis.”

Gudulanis with a huge amount of magic, and Vandaloo, who has a huge amount of magic, are suffering from the control of delicate magic because of its magic. It is not until you think that both people and people are good at fine work. And by human magician, Vida Dajin, Gudulanis, and Vanderou are the giant behind the heavens.

If you use Gudulanis, it is one.

"I see, the soul of the sixth road. Ai, because it was a top class 巧ian in the [Bevers] because of the cheet ability."

"It's not just Edgar, but also the soul of the six-way is used, so the former enemy's big executives are sad! If you have a tear gland, you will cry! "

“It’s painful and swelling.”

Canako and Legion laugh at the end of the Rokudo St., who was deprived of the soul in Gudulanis. If you are saggy in this place, you will have at least sorrowed and prayed for good luck.

“Oh, you have earned the honor to be part of us!”

“If that happens, it may still be effective for [Disable growth limit] and [Rise learning speed]. ......You have to defeat here in earnest.

If you run away from Gudulanis in this place, it is not only time to mass produce magic that can be used as a hand piece. It’s not the same way to grow your status. You may also change jobs using the status of the Edgar.

Let’s destroy it here!

"Do not use the soul of Edgar to threaten this world!"

“...It’s hard and uncomfortable, but now it’s more priority than destroying others.”

Vanderou used to use them until the soul of Gudulanis is destroyed.

As a result of prioritizing your revenge mind, you can’t miss Gudulanis and give you a chance to repel.

"Vandaloo! Can you stop by winding my omelet and tail?"

Gudulanis screamed with swords and swords of swords, but Vandaloo said to be graceful.

"There is no ground to trust your previous declaration"

Vandaloo is his own arm.

?」

"Oh, I'm sorry!"

Mix the mucus of [Making's blood] of [Making's mucus gland] from the wound and spread the viscosity to a thin mesh and shake at once. [Slasher blades] with the ability of [Altemis] released by Gudulanis aiming for Vandaloo is rushed into the net. Because the net is part of Vanderou, which is connected to Vanderou.

The blades aiming for hot eyes on the blood of Vandalu are also entangled because the range of the mesh is wide.

"If so, let's give you the basis for trust! First, let's go to the Dragon! [Slasher Circular Blade]!

The magical power of the [Slasher Blades] that was released until then was converged into a single circular blade and Gduranis released towards the Rvezfor.

“Rvez!”

Pine dances and Paulina shakes a single stick. Apparently, it seems that it is not only power that I went up by putting it in one.

“Well, if you do this, you will be discarded!”

When Rvezfor, who can not move as much as possible due to scratches, he sw。ed his whole body as he tries to sumit a torrent brain.

"Is it a problem if you suppose the whole body even if the control is successful?"

By inserted into the sliced legion.

』

It was a huge amount of meat mass of about 10 meters in diameter, and the whole body of Rvezfor was enveloped in a moment, but Gduranis, Randolph, and Heinz were also removed.

Then, [Slashered Circular Blade] put into the Legion which became a huge float mass than the castle. At that moment, a deep wound was en。d in the chest of Gudulanis, and a black nose 迸ped from the chest.

“Oh! It’s small, but the level of “Magical Control” and “Death Attribution Resistance” has increased! It’s a day that you can understand why people repeated job change like a deer!”

However, Gudulanis was fighting with Vandalou, and he was able to improve existing skills and acquire new skills.

“The next is a guardian! You are! You are manifested, you are born by magic and the spirit of death.”

"[Inter】ate Punch]"

"【God's life-saving gun】!"

The magic of Vanderlus and Dalcia was bursting with the artificial spirit that was born by chanting the spell of Gudulanis.

A massive unattributable magical power and a 流hoon of life-attributes are greatly subtracted by the body of Gduranis.



However, Gudulanis deliberately bleached in Dalcia’s “Gods of Life” and defended himself from Vanderou’s [inter、 breaking cannon].

If not, he has Edgar’s [All Attribute Resistance] skill. Therefore, without attributes [inter   retion cannon] can endure the power of life-attributes [God 極re] by skill.

“Is there any time to chanting? If you do, you have only one hand in your back!”

Guduranis, whose left side was gouged from shoulder to stomach, and whose right arm was blown off, cried out. Then, his head made an eerie sound and expanded.

Vandalieu couldn't help but ask as he looked at Guduranis's head, which had grown into an eerie shape with its face still intact, but with a swollen brain exposed from the forehead to the back of the head.

“Is that the [Demon King’s Brain]?”

``That's correct...Rokudou seems to have saved it because he thought that using this would stimulate my [instinct] and [memory], but...by using this, I can make the magic even more elaborate, and I can cast it without chanting! ”

As if to prove his words, Guduranis generated multiple artificial spirits around him.

――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Edgar

Race: Race (?)

Age: 33 (Appearance age: 27)

Two names: [Ashblade] [Those who cut through the darkness] [Slayer of the Virgin] [Vida's enemy] [Those who liberated the hero god]

Job: Holy blade user

Level: 0

Job history: Apprentice thief, thief, archer, dagger user, archer, dagger wielder, explorer, tracker, assassin, assassin, dark archer, dark fighter, condemner, necksmith, undead slayer, holy bow, undead slayer

・Passive skills

Intuition: 5Lv

All ability value increase: medium

Abnormal status resistance: 10Lv

Presence detection: 10Lv

All attribute resistance: 7Lv

Increased attack power when equipped with a bow: Maximum

Increased attack power when equipped with a dagger: Maximum

Increased agility when equipped with non-metallic armor: Maximum

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 10Lv

Magic power increase: 1Lv

Death attribute resistance: 1Lv

・Active skills

Martial arts: 7Lv

Condemnation Divine Blade Technique: 1Lv

Stealth: 10Lv

Shadow Archery: 8Lv

Unlock: 10Lv

Demolition: 8Lv

Shadow armor technique: 10Lv

Transcend limit: 10Lv

Cooking: 1Lv

Magic sword limit transcendence: 10Lv

Magic armor limit transcending: 7Lv

Condemnation killing technique: 7Lv

Magic fighting technique: 5Lv

Non-attribute magic: 1Lv

Magic control: 3Lv

Light attribute magic: 3Lv

Angel advent: 10Lv

・Unique skills

Niltaak's protection

Heroism

Status on the verge of being absorbed by Guduranis. After being absorbed, the skills of [Family Advent], [Niltak's Blessing], and [Heroic Spirit Transformation] are lost.

Also, since the owner of the skill became Guduranis, there are some skills that can no longer be used. ([Light attribute magic] etc.)

[Condemnation Divine Blade Technique] is a superior skill that has been awakened twice from [Dagger Technique]. Also, [Shadow Archery] is a skill that is awakened once from [Archery].

[Heroic Spirit Transformation] is a skill that has the same effect as using [Heroic Spirit Descent] by activating the soul fragment of Niltaak's heroic spirit Luke that is embedded in his soul. The recoil is greater than normal [Heroic Spirit Advent], and the wearout lasts longer after use.

The reason why Guduranis, who has absorbed Edgar's soul, cannot use this skill is because for him there is no point in activating the soul of a heroic spirit, who is a far inferior being.

Also, due to the effects of Rokudou's [Learning Speed ​​Increase] and [Growth Restriction Immunity] cheat abilities, the level of several skills such as [Magic Control] has increased during battle.

The next episode will be posted on January 24th.

The comic version of my work is scheduled to be updated on January 24th! We would appreciate it if you could view it on Comic Walker or Nico Nico Seiga.