Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 329: Practical cooking and the end of work

“This is...”

A boy who has a unique skill called “The Magic Eye of the Grand Appraisal” tried to look at the status of Vandaloo. Rod Corte, who knows it, quickly saw the record of Alex.

"... Nothing reads"

However, the status of Vandaloo was only mosaic.

If you want to abandon the roles, you will be discarded in the world of "Ramda" and you will be s、ed by the world of "Randa". Vida’s new species and magical animals.

And because Alex is human, Rodocolte, who is also responsible for his reincarnation, can read as his memory.

However, it is only one that reflects the memory of Alex. So, the only thing that ALEX's [Big Appraisal Magic Eyes] did not look like a mosaic is that it can only be seen as a mosaic.

"...This is only the number of digits and skills that are earned. I have been looking forward for a moment, but it is only human who has been blessed with the unique skills of prying.

If Alex is a reincarnation of the original [Bevers] sent by Rodo Corte, some of the status of Vandaloo may be seen.

And if the [Magic Eyes of the Grand Appraisal] is not just a unique skill, it is possible that Lodo Corte has been able to see the status of Vandalou as soon as it has been adjusted.

However, it is just a unique skill. Make sure that Lodcorte interferes.

“Is it good to give it even if I give it?”

Rod Corte ...... and God other than him might have grown so much that he could see Vandalou’s status if he had given him more attention than before.

However, Rodocolte can not be interested in just human children who are transsexual or child. Other gods have not seen that Alex is not a subject to advocacy because it was thinner than the average of people in the world.

That’s for Alex.

“Now, if you were giving up, did you have a soul? But even if the witch is lying, Vandaloo was looking at Alex’s status because it’s forever.

Vandaloo is looking at the status of Alex by jumping the effect of [the most appraisal maze] by [root source]. If Alex had the power of the Gods of Lodcorte and Alda forces, he would have been bale at that time.

And it may have been completely魂ed by the soul of the enemy as the魂ulation of Rodo Corte.

Probably, the Gods of Alda force will not give Alex the protection. If you are pregnant, you already have a look at Vanderou. Even if Vandaloo has been working on a job, God knows that he has led too many people, even if he is doing a job, he will see that even if he is guided by Alex.

Rodo Corte said that there are no gods who want to grow a person who may turn to the enemy side.

The S-class adventurer is even guided by Randrph. There will be no God that only boys who have unique skills will be able to resist.

That’s why we don’t know Vandalou.

“Well, what about that? The number of skills, and the digits of Vanderou's ability were just fortunate. I don’t know Alda in the trend of Telcatanis.

Rodocolte switched thoughts and lost interest in Alex.

One of the fortunes for Alex is that they didn’t have an eye on Rodo Corte.

Randolph, who left Alex and Towa, immediately chased Vanderou and Zona.

“Well, Dr. Dandrip?”

“How did you do it?”

“No, there are a few things to say that you should check with us. First, do I have to stop my car?

Randolph, but Vandaloo did not have any contract with him. He asked me for it, but Vandalou answered after a while.

“I don’t have a reason to stop my teacher even if I say it’s good.” “I’m not me, but I’m not a member of Alex.”

"Now, I'm saying that I have a maze that bounces the maze."

...... HOME

[Nekogen] I had not thought about it so far, but it would be better to stop it if you say.

“Oh, I think it’s good to compare it with other mazes. And the information will become public, but the situation around me will not change."

Vandaloo has already made many enemies. The officials of the temple of the Alda, who are interested in the Alda fusion family. Many of the aristocrats do not have direct conflicts, but they are not ally.

And the extreme is the power of Alda and Rodo Corte. Even if there is an elephant unelephant that aims for the witch, it is only a category of error.

...... If you ask, is the space attribute magician be a companion?

Vandaru, who is asked about Gaffado Ghan, and his shoulders are 震 .

"I am a friend"

。 If you are not a school student, you will be deducted if someone who is not a follower or slave cooperates with the issue.  

However, Randaluf did not pursue Vandalou deeply, and only took care. However, if the student has brought the outsiders, he will pursue more strictly.

Since I have never borrowed a space-attribute magecraft of outsiders by practical training and training, I decided to keep it in mind.

“I’m sure you’re emb、ing it... I’m going to have it forever?”

Vandaloo was still holding the zona. In addition, Zona is now close to the neck of Vanderou.

"S。, Sensei". Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

“... I can’t see it, but it’s fine to see the nerve. However, let’s think about the moderation. “I’ll do that after school”

There is no school rule that pro ts impurity crossing in the preparatory school. There is no problem, but Randolph pays attention because it is obstructed during practice. Then, Zona also said a lot of things, but it went down.

“It’s still good.”

However, Vandaloo is still going to hold the zona.

“I can’t say it’s still safe.”

It was not because I wanted to be close to Zona, but thinking about her safety.

“Is there a dangerous space in front of this dungeon? If it’s Alex, it’s not going to stand up for a while.”

“No, there are still two members of Alex.”

“Robin and Anavar?” I don’t think it’s your threat, but I don’t like it.

The name of the party member of Alex is Randolph.

"T」 and Zona, the judgment of the previous is correct"

“Well, it’s a good idea for me.”

Zona surprised that he was trying to attract Vandaloo from the beginning.

“What I say is that I suggested to look for ingredients other than the fruit and delicacy of Vandalu’s obedience.”

However, Randolph had no interest in the color of each student. He was evaluating the proposal that Zona attempted to in  Vanderou and twisted for two.

There is a problem that you can rely on one person if you do not have a party. It is also an adventurer.

If you are not working at the same party, you will not always act with Vanderou.

The school is recommended to organize a party. After graduation, there are many people who are working at a party in the student age.

However, it is not possible to dissolve the party for some reason. In addition, there are times when a party member changes temporarily.

When you do so, you may not be able to do anything if you are relying on a specific fellow.

“It’s possible to get the highest level of work alone.” However, there is no damage that can be done. It is because students are doing.

Therefore, the decision before trying to find ingredients is correct. If you have a problem with the fruits and sap of Aizen, I would have been deducted.

"Oh, my seniors"

“I’m not, I’m older, and I’m more advanced.”

The zona that is appreciated by Randolph and re-sensitized from Vanderlu. However, Randolph appreciated her more than I thought.

(It was helpful to make a situation where Alex can be served in practical training that I replaced my role)

If Vandalou does not move from the vicinity of Aizen and does not show a gap, Alex will try to look at the status of Vandalou in the [Magic Eye of the Grand Appraisal] and it will be another opportunity.

In that case, I don’t know whether Randolph is able to enter the place, but in other teachers, it is likely that I can’t notice the behavior of Vanderul.

In the  case, Alex is killed and missing during practice. It may have been lost.

(If you have an army spatial attribute magician, it is easy to start the dead body.) Even if Vandalou is suspected, if there is no evidence, there will be no punishment, and it will be left in Maya)

After that, Landorff was grateful to Zona. In addition to that, there are many things that he gained in this case, such as her and Elizabeth are effective as a brake act of Vanderou more than Randolph's expectation.

“I’m just talking directly to Robin and Annabelle, but I’m just talking to Alex. I don’t know anything about that contract and I don’t see anything. It is because it was not in the place.

More

However, when I told him that he didn’t get caught in his mouth, Randalph took away from Vandalu and left to find Robin and Annabelle.

"I'm going. ......Who is Vandaloo?

“It’s not official”

“Ah, Zadilis, Isen, and Eleonora”

Zona, whose meaning is the meaning of Vanderou and the attitude of the people of obedience. However, if you draw at that degree, you don’t use any means to “in惑”.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Her chastity and wedding concepts grew up in complex home environments are quite unique. The mother is a bareback, his father is a noble. However, she was born as a daughter of a servant.

However, there is no dissatisfaction in the history itself. If you were a child who doesn’t know anything, you can understand that it is difficult to find a noble father’s right wife.

It’s a lot more massi than being thrown away by the mother. I couldn’t grow up as a noble, but I didn’t have any problems with my life.

She was able to live more comfortably than her mother continued to bareback, and Zona was able to grow and grow more than her noble daughter. Even the father of the servant has been able to receive a higher salary than other servants due to their mother and her own. 3 years old

......I remember a little distracted in the way of self-sufficientness, which was taken as a 女endous adolescent, which I think is worth using for my father.

Soon, the mother did well and Zona started. So, I think that it is good if you can be good as a mist even if you are not alone.

However, if a rival is just a classmate, it might be a true wife.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Eleonola, Belmond, Sadilis, and Eisen are too bad for rivals. The zona with a good give up whispered the ears of Vandalu.

“I don’t like a married or lover, but I don’t think it’s like a married couple, too.”

Vandaloo stops movement as frozen in the words of Zona, whose position at his house and the path of birth, whose power was thrown on the shelf.

"In addition, I was seen by Alex and teacher." It may be misunderstood

The chastity of the Royal Aristocratic is a strange thing, and it is too tolerant about bu ncy and affair after marriage. However, bu、ncy and affair before marriage are severe.

As Zona says, if the rumor that her and Vanderou have a relationship, it may be a problem when Zona is married in the future. The relationship with her family should also be worse (and Vandalou).

"This is a恋 love!? I'll do it!"

"...Let's leave the mouth of the monks back from now?"

“I should be careful of my mouth.” The Great Vendoru’s Judgment

And now around Vandalu ...... Knowing the situation where Vandalu is, it is only the Levia princess who are enjoying in the mood like watching the day Dra, and the world is only Gufadghan who is convinced that it is turning around Vandalu.

For this reason, Vanderou had a number of meetings in the brain.

“But if you are a vandaloo, you might be misunderstood...”

And in this word of Zona, first of all, she confirms her intention, and then she supposes in the direction that she is responsible if she does not change her feeling.

...... Even if there is another person in this place, most of the time, "If you are only one person, is it better?"

“I have a number of unofficial engagements (in the Kingdom of Orbaum) as I know, the zona seniors.”

"Yes"

More than you know

“Well, right? What is the people of the deceased who are brought by the Duchess of Alcム?”

"No, there are many other things in the world."

This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in our Cookie Policy.

“Well, it’s so many? But, it’s so much...”

However, even if the number of people was larger than expected, Zona immediately accepted. It is thought that even if the twelve people are twenty people.

And now I'm trying to become a loved one, I'm still a mystery of Vandaloo. I don't think it's amazing. ...I am surprised if it is said that it is a woman, but it is a wonder.

"If you say more, it is a masacon."

“Oh, I know it.” I think it’s okay, Vandaloo is still okay because it’s like a masacon.”

“Is it?”

"Yes, mother's receives and sells, but it is better not to approach, it is a type of masacon that is angry when the other party is stacked with the mother and then removed. “I don’t have to wait for my customers.”

“What is a customer?”

"Oh, don't worry about it. Is there anything else?

。 I can’t say it now, but I’m in a situation where you can’t imagine.”

It is the emperor of the empire who is the first conductor, and the size of the territory exceeds the kingdom of Orbaum. It is said that you are fighting against Gods, and you already have a bigger first child than the castle.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. Therefore, we recommend that you keep the judgment until you know the truth. However, I would like to take responsibility in both cases.

Of course, if Zona does not cover the judgment of the present, but even if it is covered, it will be asked to the Arkurem d'Orb.

...... I want to speak, so I agree. But what about the facts?

“Well, there’s also a mascot seniors?”

"No, it's not. That's not. I will explain the ingredients, so I will go down. ......You can get another word.”

After that, Vandalou collected ingredients with Zona and about three suffices, and heard the circumstances of the Zonas and the circumstances of Elizabeth.

Then, I cooked it in about an hour and took the best results in this practice. In addition, Alex’s performance was not a student, but it was deducted because Alex didn’t do anything during the practice, and the results were dropped from the underneath to the second.

......The emergency occurred between Vandaloo because there was no drip. Alex has been doing nothing.

"I did it!"

“Our win!”

“I thought I’m not honest, but I’m going to succeed...!”

」

“Everyone wanted to win Alex like that.”

“Is there something while we don’t know?”

In addition to the challenges of practical practice, the zona who succeeded in attracting Vandalou (?) praised the fact that Elizabeth was defeated by Alex.

And after the training, after gathering in a place without a person's eyes, Alex came from Vandalu and heard the contents of the contract that he exchanged, Elizabeth was surprised.

"I think there is a mage eye that bounces the mage eye ... because it is more rare than the mage eye of the big appraisal?"

"If you do not encounter someone who has other magical skills, there is no meaning ..."

Mainly, about the wizard to bounce the wizard that Vandalou gave. In particular, maggots and euzefs look into Vandaloo’s od eye.

“I don’t like it, but you don’t care about it!? I’m sure you should look at our status!? Then, I’ve continued to kick my in !? I’ve been looking at it!?”

Elizabeth thought that he would look at Alex’s status, but the facts were confronted.

“Oh, right, do you say that you were convinced? We don't have unique skills."

“In my status before I get a special lesson of Vandalou, I think I can’t do it even if I see it...”

“If I was before, I would have been 情ently angry with the 情hoon, but... I recently realized that the position of the house that was born in the height of its ability is not related.”

The magnitudes that have been energized recently were three levels, such as spears and shields, which were up to four levels, were more mentally grown than they were aware of.

“Oh, I don’t have any unique skills...”

"But I think Elizabeth is so angry."

The elizabeth, who is conf。 by the growth of the maggots, and forgot the 。 of his thoughts, Vandalou affirms her.

Vandalou is still feeling "not like" to Alex but does not have until the enemy. However, it is only useful as a goal to raise the results of Elizabeth.

"I just won the test results. Let’s continue to win three times in the next two times, and make sure that you’re exceeding the Alexes.”

“Yes, Elizabeth! I can’t convince you that you’re looking at a unique skill book!”

That’s right. It was the goal to go beyond any road and grade ... I will continue to win Alex in future practice!

He was also said to Zona, and he re-started Elizabeth devised the fist to heaven and put the war.

“You are Zona.” I'm very happy to hear from my husband."

"Yoroshiku Oishimasu"

After schooling, Zona was faced with a woman outside the city of Orbaum, which was brought to Vandalou, “Let’s show a little secret.”

As a woman, it is quite long and tall, and it stretches black shiny hair to the waist. It is a well-顔ipped girl that features a thick eyebr  that seems to be strong.

This area is wearing a rare style of clothes, but the swelling of the body increases and the skin is exposed from the gap of the cloth.

The neck, arms, cracked abdo  muscles, and supple steel are bundled with a rich curve of the chest and hip. It is obviously the body of a female warrior.

The head has two straightened corners and a glossy but red skin.

...... This girl is a word that is unnatural and prudent, but I will greet with a feeling of tension that is not normal. I have to be nervous as a zona.

“Are you a magician?”

Zona asked, her nervous voice somehow returning to its normal tone, and she answered with an awkward smile.

"We really are equated with the demon race. ...I'm Yuma. We're not the demon race, we're the demon race."

"Oniwa...Yuma, there's no need to push yourself too hard."

A demon girl whose childhood name was Oniwaka. The girl, whose real name is Yuma, froze for a moment at Vandalieu's words, then quietly asked him back.

“Are you sure, sir?”

“It’s true.”

"...Would you like me to tell your mother about it later?"

"I'm sorry. Zona-senpai won't either, right?"

"I won't! I'll never do it!"

After seeing Zona nod hurriedly as Yuma looked at her, she finally relaxed her shoulders and let out a sigh of relief.

"Thank you! It was already difficult. When I returned to my country after studying abroad, my mother suddenly started telling me to learn manners...If I tried to run away, she would get caught and spanked. Those who started gushing over me when they saw me practicing were also caught by my mother and spanked. Even my father, who tried to reprimand me, was caught and beaten by my mother, so it was tough."

"...It's Sparta, Yura-san."

“Please explain everything about studying abroad and countries later.”

Yuma's mother, Yura, sent her daughter off to study abroad on the Demon Continent in the hope that she would return as an adult, but although her daughter had grown stronger, she came back with the same behavior and behavior as a child, so it seems that she hastily taught her manners in Sparta.

However, those who knew her from before could only feel a sense of incongruity with that fake blade. To begin with, his tone and gestures were all awkward.

"But I learned how to sing and dance from Kanako on the Demon Continent! I've been entrusted with the solo parts, so I'm sure I'll be able to give an embarrassing performance at this country's banquet!"

“Did you just say the Demon Continent!?”

"Yuma, for now, let's register at the Tamer Guild. Also, I think I explained to you the words that you shouldn't say, like the Demon Continent, right?"

"...Sorry, I forgot."

Yuma bows his head. And on the other hand, Zona looked up as if she was surprised.

"Did you hear that I just acquired [Vandalu's blessing]? [Status]... it really exists. Vandalieu-kun, were you a god?"

“…Did you finally give up your job?”

ーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーー

Name: Zona Chinos

Race: Dwarf

Age: 14

Two names:

Job: Magic ax user

Level: 34

Job History: Servant, Apprentice Warrior, Warrior, Axeman

・Passive skills

night vision

Muscle strengthening: 5Lv

Color: 1Lv

Attack power enhancement when equipped with ax: Small

・Active skills

Housework: 2Lv

Pillow thing: 1Lv

Chamber technique: 1Lv

Martial arts: 1Lv

Ax technique: 4Lv

Throwing technique: 2Lv

Armor technique: 3Lv

Stealth: 1Lv

Demolition: 1Lv

Presence detection: 1Lv

Breaking the limit: 1Lv

Magic ax limit breakthrough: 1Lv

unique skills

Vandalieu's protection (NEW!)

She was raised by her mother, a former prostitute, and her father, a servant who is not related to her by blood and who is supposed to be her biological father. Seduction and pillow affairs are the result of the mother's gifted education.

We apologize for the inconvenience, but we will be posting the next episode on August 12th.