Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 367: The duchy of Jahan is being led smoothly and the demon lord is about to increase.

The Resurrection and A。ning of Pelia, the Goddess of Water and Knowledge The subordinates of soil and water attributes belonging to the Arda force were shaken.

In particular, the gods were originally served in Botin and Pelia. After the war with the King, they are those who have left the inner Alda of the Great God.

The gods who were intoxicated to Berwood who had been fighting at the beginning through the battle with the Magnolia.

In addition to the original reincarnation system, the giants and veterans were not recognized by the gods who created a new breed until they interacted with the former magus army's evil gods and the brave who became undead.

Gods were 勝利 into one of the forces of Alda who won the battle if they were not put on both the gods and put on the maintenance and management of the world.

There are various backgrounds, but it is common in terms of not lending power to Vida.

However, Botin and Pelia, who are the Lord of them,宣言d that they ally to Vida instead of Alda.

The gods enclosed with Botin are also pronounced as the “God of the flow” pagtarta, who protected the sleeping peria.

There was no strong call to be the original of the obedient gods. What does it mean?

Is it limited to a silly person who does not see the will of Botin and Pelia, who is the obligatory god, because he was allying Alda? Or maybe you have not seen your own existence for Botin?

The obedient gods reached the guess at the end of the maze and lament.

"Botin is not sure that we are discouraged. In fact, we took the will of Botin. “Either way, I had to regain the honor, and I was contempt by Hill Willow.”

"And we have moved as a member of Alda's power. It's "Enemy" if you look from the Vida family. Butin and Pelia, who became a Vida, should not say “Come” and lightly.

The obedient gods were not deceived by Alda. T  who chose to ally Alda by their own will or chose not to ally Vida.

It is a member of the Alda force and only the enemy. Even if Botin and Pelia revived and the situation changes, it is not a welcome relationship.

Like the goddess of rainy clouds, it is different from those who have lost the roads other than those belonging to Alda forces like the obedient gods who came to God after several million years after the battle of Alda and Vida.

“But the honor of Hill Willow and Arc should be recovered.”

It's different. It is rare in modern times that people defame Hill Willow, Arc, andダ. However, it is not because the honor was recovered. However, because Hill Willow’s reputation is low

People born in this world are taught as myth when they were young. However, unlike Berwood, Farmown, and Nine Road, which en、d the King Gdulanis, there are no subsequent episodes of Hill Willow, who was destroyed by Gdulanis.

Therefore, their acquaintance and co tion in modern times are low. There is a relief representing each of the勇s in the temples of Botin, Pelia and Rikula.

One of the reasons why this is because it was made by Bellwood. And I have forgotten my績s.

“But at that time, we were not able to exist on the ground. However, it’s true that I didn’t have any hands believed to be “for new order”

In order to embrace the lives of the people who survived, they needed to make people think that they would be suitable for leaders. For that reason, I used the績s of Hill Willow and solder. There were no obligations between Botin and Pelia.

"And the biggest reason ... because Zakart is disappointed until Hiru Willow's minutes"

Zakart is called “Fraud Hero” and has been disappointed.

In the country where the Alda faith, like the Amid Empire, is particularly strong. Zakart is often treated like a bad friend. The plays and plays that treat Zakart as a wicked villain are performed, and the吟s are sung.

And in such a drama or劇ry, the name of Hill Willow, solder, and arc is almost gone. In order to increase the presence of Zakart by narrowing down the villain, to focus on the consciousness of the audience and audience in the fight with the main actor who beat it.

In such a situation, I can not say that the honor of Hill Willow is recovered.

“I have left this state... I don’t have to recall our lazy and lazy, even though it was the time of human rehabilitation.”

Butin is not trying to call us back. However, we don’t try to confuse. Is it true?

"No, it is not true that it is hidden.   For those who pray to us

If Botin and Pelia tribute the subordinates of the Alda force, such as the deity, the priests and believers of the temple who dedicate them will become enemies for Botin and Pelia believers.

The confrontation that was born in that matter was 。ed by Botin.

What should we do?

"...We are very hard to imitate like Yupeon. I can't do it.

The “God of Ice” Yupeon, the abdo  god of Pelia, was not in them. After a while, Yupeon判d that Peria is not Alda but Vida ally, and then re-deems the Lord God Peria and re-deems Alda for a long time.

After Pelia moved out, I didn’t know what Yupeon thought, and I couldn’t figure out the gods who were gathering in this place. However, after Upeon, the gods who decided to fight the Vidah who belonged to the Alda forces have continued.

“Yuppeon’s deter。: Only decisions should be considered.” God Even if there is no power of humans, it is negligible to continue to be lost in the position of teaching people.

“How can you return to Botin? If you leave it, you will be able to maintain the world!”

It is not that the gods who are lost are nothing. He is working in each area to maintain the world.

"How do we apply to those who have given us? It is not the thing of God, such as tailoring it with our own convenience and discarding it for our convenience. Wicked God's Homework

And they were growing candidates.

“。ing the maintenance and management of the world, the candidates of the selected world will be able to in。 with Vandalou and their fellows, and will be able to interact with the Vida family. But if you are not going to break down with Botin,

“Beyond being able to continue to maintain the world by serving Gods like Bachas, there is only one to do so.”

“I’m not going to fight with Pelia and Botin, but it’s really a Vida... Is Vandalou right??”

“If you leave him away, the world will turn over. It’s a big change that doesn’t come back again!

Some of the obedience gods also existed to see the behavior of Vanderou. However, it is not possible to cover the fact that Botin and Pelia are paired with the Vida family that has its Vanderlus.

“The reason for this is Botin, and Pelia, too. What do you think about?

"Is it going to keep it from inside as a ally rather than defeating it as an enemy?"

Then, I lost the reason why the obedience gods that I would continue after Upeon.

The subordinate gods who were unable to make such a decision were still in the form of the Alda force, but the Vida family had to fight against the extreme forces.

However, the situation has changed to "Dark Avalon Case"...It is the revival of Gudulanis.

"What did Arda do? Isn't it going to use the magical King itself? "

This is an unexpected situation for Alda. However, even if it is not, it is a situation.

“Oh, I think that the revival of Gudulanis is the same, but I don’t recognize the績 that defeated Gudulanis.

If it is for order, it should be reconciled as Vandalu to completely destroy Gudulanis."

However, the change that cannot be returned back to the world is caused by the likes of Vandaloo. The world is changing. Is it really good?

Another subordinate god bites to the subordinate God who admits Vanderou. It is not just to reconcile the existence of Vanderou. The goal of Alda is to regain the world before the Magnolia Gudulanis will come back, which means that the mutations of the world by Vanderou and Vida’s new tribes are recognized.

Vida’s new family sings the spring of the world, and humans live with a narrow feeling of shoulders. This is a common sense of the world.

......This is a way to capture from the gods of Alda power, and it is somewhat different from reality. However, there is no doubt that it will be a big different society than before.

“In addition, you might want to eat all the souls of Gudulanis in Vanderou, but what do you do if you get on Gudulanis?”

Like Heinz, Botin and Pelia’s subordinates who are participating in Arda forces cannot trust Vanderou.

The soul of Gudulanis, which should be eaten in the soul of Vanderou, is infiltrated, and when Vanderou eats the missing part of the soul of all Gudulanis, Gdulanis will ride Vanderou from the inside and resurrect again. I can't deny such danger.

It is already happening that changes occur. Please note that Alda himself has been struck by Rodo Corte, and he has been asking for reincarnation. You need to change something

"It is a story to solve if you grow God who is responsible for the change of circles!"

It is our world only. However, Lodcorte also manages our unfamiliar regeneration. What is it?

“Now, it’s... it’s time to manage the use of Lodo Corte for a while, and if you succeed in the revitalization of the new revitalization, we will separate our world revitalization from the human system. After that, I would like to pledge to Rodo Corte not to be involved in this world as a condition to remove piles."

The questioned obedience God claimed that, but the face of whether you are aware of something that is impossible.

First of all, I don’t know how long it takes to succeed in the revitalization of God who is responsible for new regeneration. God is not so often born, and it is not so easy to make existing gods have a myth about regeneration.

In the first place, Alda force is a chronic lack of manpower. Ogami is Alda alone, and the Alda is conquered by the Great God of Light and Life Attributes.

Berwood, Nine Road, and Pharmown, as a semi-daishin, is expected to control their attributes as a second god, but Berwood was sleeping by the sinner's deity about 50,000 years ago.

The resilience of the new young God has been successful for the past tens of thousands of years, but it is not enough.

I don’t know when it will be successful even if I leave my rebirth to a new God. Is it possible even if an existing God is doing? ...Is it unclear that the management of reincarnation is行 with the maintenance and management of the world.

And I don’t know that the use of Lodo Corte may turn the regeneration system without causing any problems.

In addition, there is no guarantee that Rodo Corte is an adult who drinks and withdraws condition even if everything is good, and does not contrary the pledge later.

“Is it possible to draw hands from this world to Rodocolte in the first place? It is said that “Pile of the Law” was effective, but it should be the God of this world.”

』

The subordinate god was not able to give the answer to the question.

If you are a faithful God to Alda, you should have any thoughts like Alda, and you trust Alda... you have no hearing delusively. However, the gods, including this subordinary god, are not believed in Alda, and they are not able to make a decision to go back to the Vida family.

"What do you do? Can you do it now?"

“It’s the opposite to moving the sharpness of choice among candidates and believers as directed by Alda.”

Alda, who saw Vandalou gained great power in the Kingdom of Orbaum, has made a decision to collect the power in the Kingdom of Fazon, which was deeply related to Heinz’s Five-colored Blades. And later, it may be going to move from the port of the Duchess of Fゾン to the Kalahad, one of the empire of the Amid, and to join forces.

However, it can be a caring problem for the obedient gods. It is because there is no delicacy of God who has been faith in the Kingdom of Orbaum.

Of course, the temple is not rebuilt from Orbaum, but sharp...... It is painful to move the people who are the core of textile and faith without transfer.

I know that it is wary of being guided by Vanderouts, but it is too large to lose for the obedient gods.

“But I’m going to lead the followers to Vanderou!”

“Will you turn your followers to the Duchess of Fゾン?? If you have left the temples and believers, you will be deprived of the Vida, and you will not be able to earn new followers in the Amid Empire, it’s the future that will disappear after decades!?”

“The Two Dances of the Duchess of Jahan”

"Duke of Jahan: Goddess of the Holy。" Elk Hall recently saw. In addition, "The most gods who gave the advocacy to the candidates led to the "princess" Miriam"

Therefore, without conclusion, the discussion of the subordinates will be dissolved and dissolved.

However, Botin and Pelia’s subordinates will continue to take the distance from the Arda forces in an ex極dant form that follows the instructions of Alda and does not appear.

There is no power to reverse Alda, but if you say, "It takes time to move the sharpness as a candidate, it will take a long time." It was because of the many gods.

In fact, Alda could not punish the obedience of Botin and Pelia, which do not follow his policy and instructions.

I would like to avoid using force before the deter  with Vanderou by hitting the "Pile of Law" to the obedience gods. It is not possible that the number of Gods is lower than the number of Gods required for the maintenance of the world by punishing the obligation Gods.

For Arda, who has been sharpening his faith in the Kingdom of Orbaum by Vanderouts, it was a bitter decision.

The Vida faith was rapidly penetrating in the Duchess of Jahan, as the Alda forces were gradually decaying.

People who have been Alda for many years have suddenly returned to Vida. However, there is an increasing number of people who respect the Vida, which is the same god as Alda, and who has defeated the Magus Gduranis.

No, it’s not just about Hadros Jahan, but I’m still a traditional Arda believer in the past, but I’m more than a Vida believer who is dedicated to Vida.

In Alda’s doctrines, those that have already become part of their lifestyle and social norms will remain unchanged. Regular life. We care for the above-mentioned person with excessive luxury.

Then, he will protect the teachings of Vida. It is not difficult to protect it because it is a teaching of Vida that conveys to the inside of a simple boundary mountain range such as挨拶s after meals. In the house, decorate the seal of Vida next to the seal of Alda and pray.

And the part that collides with the teachings of the newly spreaded Vida in the doctrine of Alda. The doctrine that all the undeads are the wicked beings that should be removed.

Undead is a horrible existence. However, I know that it is not just an undead.

However, there are some undeads heading to the King Gudulanis to protect the world with you.

“It’s a great way to change people’s consciousness as long as it’s been a month since we invited you.” I started to make a new idea of building the temple of Vida. We plan to start construction plan soon.

Hadroth, who visited Kanako, worked on her. By the way, here is a ninja. If you think, he is publicly invited to her for the reason of “to know the vida faith”.

It is the secret that it is to guide the people of the lord of Jahhan, who have many devout Alda believers.

That’s why I’ve been resting in the room after I finished working in the public, and I’ve been working directly here in Gphadoghan’s [transition]. To work with Kanako.

“The next stage of your performance in the city, including the city, will be the other Duchess. That’s why I don’t stay at my residence anymore.

Finally, I will explain the first friend.

"Hadroth, you are already in your residence, the king of the use is resident."

Mirror balls: The luminous use witch, a collective of g ing bino s, looks like a mirror ball, answered that it remains in Hadroth, but he does not show a step.

I know. Is it an emergency for my escorts and when there is something for escorts?

Hadros is a friend for Vandaloo, a hard-to-find collaborator, and an enthusiasm for Hadros, but not very strong.

It is protected by strict security and escort of arms, and the life of the Duchess who are doing martial arts more than equal is not normal. However, the opponent is Alda force and its followers.

Split the mountain, crush the sea, tear the sky. There are several super-。s. In addition, the Baron of Jahan, whose Hadros is cured, is a land with a lot of Arda believers. The use of Alda believers may receive a deity from Alda, and may also 毒 poison to meals and drinks to assassinate him.

Even if you use the [Musage], you may be unable to fight before starting.

For this reason, Vandalou was dispatched to protect the body of Hadros. This is because the distance limit is no longer connected to the use witch King.

"But you may need a spare. Isn’t it? Yeah. I can't ask for training guidance to the next merit King. While studying the culture of Tarosム as a giant, I have been interested in bodybuilding.

"I'm preparing soon!"

“Oh, Van is trying to sell his part to promote bodybuilding!”

"Oh, I'm a fan. Body building is not a giant culture or history, but it is said that it is a thing that boya brought into it.

Hadroth said to the two who had a laugh.

“I’m not good.” Because you are monopolizing the body. I want my friends to comfort every day.

In front of the eyes of Hadroth, there was a figure of Vandaloo, which canako and Zadilis are installed. However, immediately "Do you?"

and eyebr .

“It’s not his body.”

"Susuga Hadros" I thought that I was able to do well, but did you know immediately?

The witch king was whitened that he was not the main body.

"This child is a true body type merit. "Van is a demons made for experiments that increase the body"

“I saw it all when I didn’t change anything from the real thing until I finally saw it. It looks like a real thing, but there are various things that are funny when touching. Mainly legs

I see.  

This is not a suspicion created by Vandalou, whose main character is not only the shape, color and texture, but also the inner structure. However, it is incomplete now.

"To make the whole body, because there is not enough [the missing part of the King], it remains a feeling of discomfort if you try it just like the body. The only thing I saw was Hadroth, except my mother, Paulina, Levia princess ghost and Gaffadoghan.

“I think it’s a lot of people other than me?”

Dalcia and Pauvina have noticed that the smell is different. It was born from the body of Vandalou, and the true main body of the vandaloo was the real odor.

The princess of Levia ghosts were only assembled in the real Vanderou.

And Gaffadoghan seems to have noticed in the total amount of soul that he is in. The real vandaloo seems to have a lot of souls overwhelmingly.

In addition, it seems to be only Vandaloo, so that you can see the soul life just by Gaffado Ghan.

“I mean, I’m not aware of you. I noticed that there is a feeling of discomfort in the movement, but it seems that you are always moving.

"I have a heart."

While staying in the Kingdom of Orbaum, Vandaloo is conscious and振 like normal humans, but she is eager to be in the Silky Zakart Mansion, Igdrasil and Vidal Empire of Isen.

Crawling the walls and ceilings, s pting the silky, sewing the thread from the mouth,生ing the hands, and making other work on the back with a barefoot,手。, and the fourth arm. And there are many things that can not be done by humans.

It’s always, so if you’re familiar with Vanderou, you’ll be able to see it as if it’s non-human.

"I was surprised at the first time in Miriam and Elizabeth."

“It’s Miriam... I’m so troubled.”

」

Miriam, who is known as the name of the princess, was also troublesome to the gods of Alda.

Ms. Miriam, do not drop me. It is not what anyone can do if you did in Orbaum. You should evaluate yourself more. Please sign it.

"I'm a sign, this sheath."

"I'm also thankful for me."

A fan that seeks a sign ...... touches the Knights of the escort of Hadros.

“So I’m not such a great person! I don’t know the value of a good sheath because of my strange sign!”

Miriam will sign with ink made from [Mao's ink bag] while being dis。ed. When I asked Kanako to practice a sign, I thought that it would not be necessary with Kalinear, but the demand for her sign is only increasing in contrast to the thoughts of the time.

“I don’t think that value goes down!”

Miriam was shocked to the Declaration of Rudalio, one of the "Shichiyama Sho", which is proud of by the Duchess of Jahan.

“Please stop it! Do not leave it in the future!”

A few decades and a few hundred years later, his signature is a historical treasure of the famous family. It's shy.

There is no such thing. You are a wonderful woman. I took our hands to fear in my hometown from this outlook and jumped to the outside world.

My brother says, That’s why you could work with Orbaum beyond the differences between Hendriksen and the sect.”

"It's right, Miriam. Not to mention, but now everyone acknowledges the things of the Lord. How do you recognize yourself?

However, the evaluation of the party member’s Artサー and his sister’s Calinear, and Bolzofイ’s Miriam, which is familiar with young people, is not showing up.

I feel the light. In addition, if you are recognized by Orbaum, or if you return to Orbaum, you will soon be recognized as an A-class adventurer."

The drums will be pressed to the Randolph, which is designed to be used for the drum set.

“What do you say to Mr. Randolph? I’m still looking for you!”

“I think there aren’t so much people than S-class adventurers. I say.

The statue was built in the Orbaum, and the reef was devoted to the temple, and the picture was decorated in the 姿ld of the adventurer.

Randolph, who recalls the world that he had previously tra , is able to laugh in a person. Miriam, who thinks about that word, gave his head.

“It’s like Vandalou...”

"Milliam, I'll get used to it soon!"

On the other hand, the true body type mercy king bangs the shoulder of Miriam and energizes.

“I don’t think I’m getting used to it right away, but what do you do with Vandaloo’s body now? Is it an adventurer school?”

It is not an adventure school. I would like to prepare a unit while complimenting meorilis principal just by graduating.

“Where do you do that?” I understand my feelings.

Randolph is a drummer using his spare time in a special lecturer. He pushes the eyebr  if he was too shielded.

“Now, my body is in the remnants of the Orbaum with the Ailas, and I’m talking to the people I found.”

Next story will be posted on May 4th.