Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 52: Threats swarming

Joseph and his friends were able to land safely on the ground using a parachute, and after meeting up, they discussed what they should do next.

I hesitate to contact the government of the South American country where I received the escort mission, the United States government... and the [Bravers] headquarters. That's because it had just been attacked by U.S. government fighter jets.

It's not like a pilot with radical ideas goes out of control... In that case, it's unclear where the fighter jet took off from, but there should have been enough time to warn the transport plane that a fighter jet piloted by a dangerous pilot was on its way.

Moreover, this escort mission was being carried out in strict secrecy. Since that information was leaked, this is not an unusual situation.

"I see... I understand what you guys are saying. The person who leaked the information may have been someone close to Rokudou in the Operations Department. That's why I would like to avoid contacting headquarters until we understand the situation. Is that so?"

"Ah, that's the thing. If I ask for help and a bomber comes next time, I won't be able to bear it."

[Chiron] Derrick said that and nodded, and [Zantman] Yodo smiled with satisfaction at his successful persuasion.

"However, we are not people close to Rokudou, and we said that Rokudou was suspicious."

The three reincarnated people, who were guided and protected by Yodou and Vandalieu, began by persuading Derrick and the transport pilot not to act arbitrarily. The reason for this is exactly as Yodo said.

I didn't think they were from the Six Paths side. In particular, Derrick, who was on board, gave instructions that prioritized the survival of the pilot and Yodou and the others even in that situation.

"Certainly, we cannot dismiss the suspicion that Rokudou himself is the one who leaked the information or orchestrated this incident. If you think about it logically, it is understandable. However, I don't think there is any particular reason to suspect Rokudou alone."

However, Derrick is not on the Rokudou side. Just like Amemiya, he trusts Rokudo as a reliable friend.

If Derrick knew that the pilot of the fighter jet was actually the same reincarnated person, Yoshihiko Nishikagami from Sleipnir, he would have believed that Rokudou was involved. However, even Joseph, who defeated him, does not know that Nishikagami was a fighter pilot. Moreover, the person himself had crashed into the sea or the ground by now, so there was no evidence.

Or, if the ``criminal organization leader'' who was supposed to escort them to the airport they were supposed to be heading to was not there in the first place, it might have been a convincing factor that Rokudou, who had assigned this mission to them, was suspicious.

However, as it is a top secret mission, Joseph and his friends do not even know the name or face of the ``criminal organization leader''. Besides, since I can't contact them, I can't confirm whether they exist or not.

"Well, I think so. I don't have any proof."

"And it's not about us. It can't be helped if people think I took too much medicine or forgot to take it."

Youdou, Nanamori, and the others had been away from their missions due to mental illness, and Rokudou had worked tirelessly to compensate for the lost members, even taking the position of sub-leader of the Bravers and bringing everyone together.

Derrick doesn't know what Rokudou was doing behind the scenes, so it's clear who he believes.

"Hey, I'm not going to say that much either. The reason you guys were able to grow your abilities is probably due to your own efforts. I don't think I can't trust you guys who can do something like that.

But it's just that we can't say with certainty that Rokudou is black.''

It was clear which side he believed, but Derrick had no intention of taking Yodou and the others' words lightly. I think they have their own grounds and assumptions that make them suspicious of the Six Paths. That's why I don't try to contact them as they claim.

"But what are we going to do now? We can't leave without contacting anyone. A search party will be arriving soon to find us."

"Well, both the United States and the country here must have noticed that the transport plane's response has disappeared, so I guess that's right. For now, I hope I can contact someone I can trust... Ulrika."

"Isn't it Amamiya? He is certainly someone who knows about our mission, just like Rokudou."

Derrick counts Amamiya as one of the suspects, but Yodo can't explain that that's not the case and decides to remain silent.

"What do you think? Can we connect?"

Instead, I called out to the pilots who were trying to contact Ulrika using the radio they had taken from the transport plane.

"...That's impossible. Apparently, something broke due to the impact of the fall."

The radio, a product of cutting-edge magic and science, had become a box that only emitted noise. Joseph heard this and said with a sigh.

By the way, Derrick and his friends can't use their cell phones. This is because there is a risk that the radio waves will be detected.

"Derrick, will you guys just turn a blind eye to what I'm about to do?"

While saying that, he took out a mobile phone with a design that Derrick had never seen before.

"What, that cell phone? And you just turned a blind eye...are you talking about that cell phone?"

"That's right. With this cell phone, I can contact people I trust. There's no fear of my radio waves being detected. However, this is a secret piece of equipment. Even when the transport plane was about to be dropped, I decided not to use it till the end.

That's why I want you to turn a blind eye. ...In the worst case scenario, the world may be in a situation where you don't have to turn a blind eye, but just in case."

“Joseph, are you really planning on using that!?”

"Certainly, it's time to use it, but... two of us could have attracted Derrick and the others and used it during that time..."

Yodo and Nanamori gasp in surprise at Joseph's explanation. And Derrick realized that it wasn't just a matter of fact.

"I understand. You guys, please understand."

“Of course.”

“I believe in the savior of my life.”

After gaining consent from Derrick and the others, Joseph took out a cell phone from his pocket, which was different from the one he usually uses, and said shortly.

"Transformation!"

Then, the cell phone turns into a liquid, crawls up his arm, spreads over his entire body, and transforms into a body suit.

"G-Gaddem! What is that!? Is it the latest powered suit!?"

In "Origin" where magic exists, military powered suits are put into practical use. However, it doesn't look as heavy as armor, but more like an inner layer worn under a military uniform.

It is a magic item that is lightweight and flexible, yet has the effect of increasing the defense power of a bulletproof vest, a certain degree of heat resistance, and physical ability with the consumption of a small amount of magic power.

You can imagine its performance if you say that the late [Balor] Johnny and his subordinates, as well as [Sleipnir] Nishi Kagami, wore it.

However, as far as Derrick knows, there is no such thing as a portable type.

"But what is that design? It's like a special effects program for children."

“Ah, it seems like you used it as a reference.”

Joseph, now wearing a flashy cloak and decorated helmet, answered with a wry smile. The performance of this transformation equipment given to him by Bandar far exceeds the performance of ordinary military powered suits distributed in this world.

Even though I knew this, I didn't use this design until now because it was flashy and conspicuous. Of course, the biggest reason in this world is over-technology.

"However, the performance is certain. There is also a communication function...This is Joseph, can we talk now?"

Joseph then started communicating with Bander in front of Derrick.

"Huh!? That's what happened..."

Then, for the first time, I learned that the Amemiya residence and Narumi and the others had been attacked. Joseph thought that they were the only ones who were about to be secretly disposed of, but when he learned that Rokudou was making bold moves regardless of his pretense, he realized once again that the situation was serious.

If we had contacted the United States and [Bravers] headquarters without thinking about this, a bomber might have actually come flying in.

"So... what? What do you want to eat? Oh, t-just ask me... is that the most troublesome thing? Even if you say something like that..."

After talking for a while, I ended the communication and told Derrick and the others.

"It seems like he's coming to pick me up. He's also going to buy me some food."

"Oh, that's helpful."

Derrick said so and nodded, thinking that the person he was communicating with was someone from the local government who was a personal acquaintance of Joseph's. However, Yodo and Nanamori couldn't help but ask, "How!?"

Rokudo put his hand on his forehead and groaned when he received the report that the fighter plane piloted by Nishikagami of [Sleipnir] had disappeared from the radar and that he could not contact him.

"I thought I had everything figured out and everything was in the palm of my hand... but it's so unexpected. What is this monster? My imaginary friend these days doesn't mind being showered with bullets and attack magic, grabs a van, flies long distances at high speed, and destroys my plans?"

Rokudou realized that the monster that appeared was the bander depicted in Mei Amemiya's painting.

I realized that, but I still hadn't figured out Bander's true identity. If he had known that Bander was teaching Mei death-attribute magic, he would have realized that Bander and "Undead" are the same person, but...

Currently, all he knows about Bander is that he is a monster and that his footwork is light.

“The target is flying around each country's air defense network as if it were his own. He's ignoring the communications from the scrambled fighter jets...or maybe he just can't receive the communications.

At least it seems like it's on the radar.''

"That may be because the van is suspended. The bander itself has no reaction other than the magic sensor. Therefore, it is assumed that it is not a living entity but a spirit composed of magical power. To support this, no traces other than the body of [Balor] were found during the autopsy of the recovered body of [Balor]. However, it is doubtful that [Balor] did not take away the magic power."

``According to our analysis from the footage...it is almost impossible to damage Bander with existing heavy weapons.The van Mei Amemiya is riding in is also protected by similar armor, although it is unknown how it was done.

Also, videos are being uploaded one after another on video posting sites. After the supermarket, it seems like they used the drive-thru at a fast food restaurant.

It appears that the [Valor] card was used for the payment.''

Even if you listen to the reports that are coming in one after another, you will not be able to come up with effective countermeasures. All I know is that the only way to counter Bandar is to use cheat abilities or use death attribute magic.

No, Rokudou and his friends might have been able to deal with this crisis if the only opponents were Bandar and Mei. Those who have been reincarnated with the Six Paths are protected by good fortune.

However, the banders have a reincarnated friend named Ulrika from [Echo]. And now, [Angel] Narumi Amemiya has also joined, and [Druid] Joseph and the others are also scheduled to join.

That alone nullifies the good fortune that was supposed to protect Rokudou and the others. This is because when reincarnated people collide, their luck cancels each other out, regardless of the difference in numbers.

Rokudou, who tried to take advantage of this to get rid of Ulrika, Joseph, Narumi, and the others, knows this well. After luck is negated, the ones who survive are the ones who are prepared and set up. And because Bandar and Joseph, who were influenced by him, surpassed the preparations made by Rokudou and the others, [Balor] and [Sleipnir] were easily defeated.

"...If it's a [Sleipnir] on a fighter plane, you can shoot it down in the air... No, there's no point in relying on the dead."

"...This is just speculation, but if this bander is a being created by Mei Amamiya, or an existence similar to an evil spirit or guardian spirit possessing her, wouldn't it be possible to counteract Mei Amamiya by targeting her directly?"

Even though he knew that Rokudou valued Mei Amamiya as a valuable sample, he did not show any anger or irritation towards his subordinate who made such a suggestion. However, he did not accept the proposal.

"Certainly, that's a possibility. However, the monsters also seem to know that. When they kill [Balor], they protect it by putting it inside its fur along with [Echo] and others, and in Africa, they protect it by putting it inside a van with the same strength of armor as itself.

It would be difficult to aim directly at Mei Amamiya.''

And since the reason for not accepting it was also logical, my subordinates were convinced and backed down. However, they were surprised by what Rokudou said next.

"We have no choice but to bring back our subordinates and limited death-attribute magicians who retreated to Africa and prepare for their counterattack."

"Are they coming here!?"

A shudder runs through Moriya and the others at Rokudou's words. The existence of their home base is a top secret. Among the collaborators, only those in particularly high positions, such as the president and the heads of intelligence agencies, are informed.

The same goes for [Balor] Johnny and [Sleipnir] Nishikagami, who usually keep their distance from Rokudou, and all they know is the address displayed on the terminal that receives orders from Rokudou.

However, there was a big hole in Rokudou's ability to retain information.

"He will come. [Black Maria] returned to [Metamor] in a way we did not expect and joined Amamiya with the test subject.

She underwent modifications and experiments here.''

This is Mari Shihoin from [Metamol]. The secret of the test subject, who had turned her into a limited death-attribute magic user, was still kept confidential, but Rokudou and the others believed that they had complete control over her, so no one thought about the possibility of information being passed on from her. Therefore, there is a possibility that he was talking about the location and internal structure of this headquarters in front of her.

“However, it is unclear whether [Metamol] remembers that! Besides, [Metamol] and monsters are not necessarily connected!”

"No, we should assume the worst. I don't think that monster will go home after this and have a picnic with the children.

Rokudou-san, let's gather our collaborators at our base as planned. They must be aware that something unusual is happening, but they probably don't realize it's serious yet.

...I can't bear to have my hand turned back now.''

Rokudou nodded in response to [Shaman] Kosuke Moriya's advice.

"Ah, that's what I intend to do. Also, let's proceed with the preparations behind the scenes. Since an unexpected threat has appeared, we will have to abandon our initial safety measures."

The banders bought prepared foods and sweets at a supermarket in a certain African country, and purchased hamburgers, fried chicken, pizza, etc. from the drive-through, and then flew across the ocean to the South American continent.

Even though they were threatened by a fighter plane that came by on the way, they used their speed and overwhelming maneuverability to spread the water and landed at the point where Joseph and his friends were waiting.

When Derrick and the two pilots saw this, they stiffened in shock and fear, but after Joseph and the others persuaded them, they calmed down.

"...Jesus. I can't believe that Rokudou is really a traitor, manipulating Murakami and his friends behind the scenes, and also aiding [Balor] and [Shaman]. I was surprised that Narumi's daughter could use death-attribute magic, but it was such a shock that it didn't matter."

"Derrick, I feel the same way...but it's true. I don't care about the dark magic thing."

Derrick and Narumi were shocked and devastated by the truth revealed by Ulrika. Even Derrick, who was half-convinced by Joseph and his friends, couldn't deny it.

Sei Rokudou of [Avalon] was one of the leading members of Hiroto Amemiya, who supported him since he formed the [Bravers], along with the late Kouya Endo and Asagi Minami.

Although he wasn't a prominent member at the time, he became Amamiya's right-hand man through the fight against the Eighth Guidance. Now, he is in charge of the Bravers' operations, and his work spans a wide range of areas, including coordinating with the United Nations, politicians from various countries, investigative agencies, and intelligence agencies, and responding to the media.

If he were to betray the Bravers, it would be fatal. Amemiya and his friends were almost killed as they scattered and followed the mission he gave them without anyone doubting it.

And it is also fatal to the world.

"Is it the end for [Bravers]? This scandal... there's no way to hide a major crime that doesn't fall under the framework of a scandal."

``Well, if you say that, I think it's the end of things other than [Bravers]. Even if the main culprit is Rokudou, they are working together to move the army.''

As Derrick feels depressed, Bander's voice echoes from the van's speakers, perhaps trying to comfort him.

“...Even if they were able to subdue Rokudou and the others, they would probably blame Rokudou and the [Bravers] for their negligence and negligence in order to settle the situation. To make them sacrifice themselves so that public opinion would not turn against them even in the slightest.

In fact, he's the main culprit.''

Rokudou's collaborators include major figures in the political and business worlds and mass media of each country. Conversely, if they collude to manipulate information in order to protect themselves, Derrick, Narumi, and the others will be unable to do anything.

“In that case, at least I will punish the people in the United States.”

A partner of the Six Paths of the United States who dispatched personnel and military golems to attack the Amemiya mansion, and dispatched fighter jets to shoot down Joseph and his friends. Their progress was at a standstill here.

If you manage to protect yourself through information manipulation or political maneuvering, "punishment" by Bandar awaits you.

“Do you really want to do that?”

``Yes, I will be destroyed by the bad people who destroyed Me-kun's house and tried to do scary things to Uncle Joseph and his friends.''

I don't intend to destroy my soul, but I will destroy my physical body, so it's not a lie.

“Memo, I’m going to hang out with Bandar!”

``Hmm, it might be too early for you. Besides, I'll probably be doing it late at night, so I won't be able to get up for breakfast. ”

"Uh, then I'll hold back."

“That’s great, Me-kun.”

When Mei, who was eating sweets, reacts to the "punishment" and interjects, Bander stops talking with Derrick and concentrates on her partner. Then, she is satisfied and withdraws, and a tentacle that suddenly grows inside the car strokes her head.

"...Your head seems to be in trouble. You guys are doing well."

Derrick looked away from Mei, who was extremely happy, and looked at Ulrika, Joseph, and the others. By the way, the two pilots who were riding with me were trembling as they imagined what the high-ranking members of the organization they belonged to would have to face.

"Even if you say you're fine...well, you're fine. No, we were shocked too when we found out that Rokudou was a traitor."

"If it's about Bandar, then it's Bandar. If you're wondering about his tone, it's tailored to Mei-chan. He'd be afraid to say things like killing in front of a small child, right?"

“Also, Derrick, you were eating dinner with a calm face just a while ago.”

For Joseph and his friends who were turned away, Bander's appearance and behavior were already familiar to them. I was surprised because I didn't think they would openly buy food from supermarkets and fast food restaurants, but that's about it.

"Uncle, you're not criticizing everyone as much as I thought. I mean... it's all about Bandar."

Hiroshi, who was browsing the internet on a mobile device he had taken from home, said this while showing me the screen. There, many videos and images of the bander were posted, and there were many threads discussing its true identity.

“Photographing a mysterious monster from a cruiser! ”, “An alien that sucks people’s brains appears in a high-class residential area! ”, “The Eighth Guidance is finally back! ? ”, “Monster buys tons of fried chicken and pizza in Africa! ”, “The Alien’s Name is Johnny Yamaoka”, etc.

“It’s such a big fuss… I can’t believe you’re aiming for this!?”

“No. It's just that if I disappear, the part of me I used to modify the van will also disappear, so I can't disappear.''

"...I see."

``It's not that I have no desire to follow you guys. Joseph and Ulrika are friends, and Me-kun and Hiroshi are not unrelated.''

For Bander, the fact that the Bravers were being criticized because of Rokudou was nothing but their own fault. However, it is irrational and infuriating that Joseph and Ulrika are criticized for this. It would be even worse if Mei and Hiroshi's lives were affected.

And it is unacceptable that the [Bravers] are the only ones being made the bad guys, while their accomplices who collaborated with Rokudou are allowed to survive.

``Especially Mae-kun's mother, I'm fine with you being in a state of emergency until this matter is over, but once it's over, I'd like you to refrain from bringing too much of the hardships of work into your home.

If you promise me that...I'll lend you my strength.''

It would be difficult for a child to enjoy happiness when their beloved parents are in such a dire situation.

For Bander, who thinks so, the happiness of the Amemiyas is a ``duty''. At the very least, the situation must not be so dire or unlucky that it cannot be hidden from the child.

That's why, if that's the case, I don't mind getting involved with the Amemiya couple and lending them my strength.

"Even if you don't tell me, I'll do anything to protect Hiroshi and Mei. I'm their mother."

Narumi learned that Mei could use death-attribute magic, but she didn't see that as a problem. Originally, she didn't think that the death attribute itself was evil.

The problem is what the people of this world will do with the new death-attribute magician... but with that in mind, she is determined to do whatever it takes to protect her children.

"I'm sure Hiroto will think so too. Even if he doesn't, I'll definitely convince him."

“I was relieved to hear that.”

In the worst case scenario, he was considering brain modification, so Bander felt relieved from the bottom of his heart. Then, he drops a metal rod in front of Gotori, Narumi, and Derrick.

``That's a prototype of the powered suit I gave to Joseph. There is no design quality at all, and the rate of increase in physical ability and performance as a magic medium will be lowered by several steps, but it should be incomparable to current powered suits.

I'll lend it to you, so please use it.''

“What if there is no design at all!? That’s a blessing!”

“Ah, thank you.”

Powered Suit... Narumi, who received the crude transformation equipment, thought about Bander's true identity. The fact that he's teaching Mei death-attribute magic means that Bander might be him.

At that time, Amemiya and his friends were moving from the ruins with Mari Shihouin and his friends from [Metamol].

It was hard for Amamiya and the others to believe that Rokudou had betrayed them and was conducting inhumane research on death-attribute magic. However, the words of Mari, who had been abducted and brainwashed by the Six Paths, were so persuasive that they could not be denied.

She actually transformed into Rokudo and explained in detail what she had done as a Kagemusha. If those words are used as evidence, they are sufficient evidence. The best physical evidence is that Sugiura of Ares tried to kill her right in front of her.

Additionally, in the building where the terrorists were supposed to be, there are the corpses of Dar from [Kushogami] and Catherine from [Artemis], who were not supposed to be here.

And the reason why Amemiya and his friends moved from the ruins believing in Mari's words was because there was a possibility that Rokudou and his collaborators would bomb the ruins after learning of the failure of the operation and attempt to destroy the evidence or eliminate themselves.

...Actually, a while after Amemiya and the others left, they heard an explosion and saw smoke rising from the direction of the ruins.

"Maybe it's the local government. Just because no one lives there, they do something extravagant."

[Titan] Iwao spits this out while driving his jeep.

"By the way, where are we heading from now? Where is the Rokudou group's headquarters? Is it the United States? Or the Antarctic or the North Pole?"

“If I remember correctly, Rokudou bought a ghost town residential area from the Republic of China and used it as a training ground, but is that there?”

Iwao and Amemiya, sitting in the driver's and passenger's seats of the jeep, ask Mari, who is in the back seat.

「んっぐむぐむ～んおんうお」

"...Sorry, I was eating."

Mari was eating from the portable food that Catherine and the others had brought.

When her head was destroyed by Ares, she was able to think with her soul, so she made a spare head in advance and quickly replaced it, allowing her to survive without difficulty.

Amemiya and the others who saw that scene believed that she was a being as close to immortality as possible, and listened to her explanation afterwards. The members of the special forces who were supposed to be working with the [Bravers] believed that she was immortal, so they listened to her explanation calmly, and as a result, they came to believe her words.

However, the truth is not as close to immortality as they think. She can create her own brain and heart reserves by applying [Metamol], but those materials are her own blood and flesh. It is made by changing parts of blood, bones, fat, and muscles with [metamol].

It's not like someone made a new head and replaced it.

Mari, whose head was destroyed from the neck up by Ares and replaced with a new one, appears to have no scratches on the outside. However, it actually weighs less because of the destroyed head.

Of course, if Mari repeats the same thing over and over again, she will die because she can no longer afford to make spare organs.

The reason why he hid it and put on a calm face was because he couldn't trust Amemiya and the others. At least until they hear us and believe us.

And now that he has trusted me, he has trusted me and revealed his weaknesses, and he is eating to make up for what he has lost.

"The Rokudou's home base is not in the United States, Antarctica, or the North Pole. There seems to have been a research institute, but it has already been abandoned."

``The ghost towns in the Republic of China are said to be disguised in case of any suspicion.''

Yukijorou and Gabriel, who were sitting in the back seat with Mari, answered for her. They are always on guard against Amemiya and the others, and do not move away from the truth. They suspect that if they leave, they will be separated and abducted separately.

As a result, the back seats of Jeeps are quite cramped.

"Then where should we go? I'm telling you, this jeep can't cross the ocean."

“Hahahaha, I know that.”

Bokor answered with a cheerful smile.

“Right now, we are waiting for the time when God and the Holy Maiden will descend while we move so as not to be captured by them. You will understand when the time comes.”

"God and the Holy Maiden...Bander who is said to have given you power, and my daughter Mei?"

“Yes, God and Saint.”

Bokor and his friends also explained about Bandar and Mei. Bandar and Mei appeared in their dreams and saved them. For Amemiya and the others, it wasn't as bad as Rokudou's betrayal, but it was a shocking testimony. However, in a sense, the words made sense.

With the unavoidable contact of a dream, it seemed inevitable that Rokudou, who had skillfully concealed his true identity, would be outwitted.

"You are free to regard Mei as sacred, but I have no intention of quitting being Mei's father. I want you to understand that."

"Hahahahahaha! Of course. We don't want to deny that you are the parents of a saint, nor do we want to separate her from you!"

"You look like you're having a lot of fun, why?"

"Is that what you see? I'm sorry if it makes you uncomfortable. I can't help but laugh as a side effect of having my brain messed with by them."

"...I'm sorry, I heard something bad."

"No, don't worry. I don't care about you either."

Since Bokor was always smiling, Amemiya thought that he had lowered his guard against them or that he was acting as a representative of Mari and the others for conversation, but it seems that was not the case.

"Ah, these three are quite sensitive, so it's best not to ask them too many in-depth questions. Well, it's just because I was so obsessed with food."

“No, don’t worry about it, I was being insensitive.

Besides, how are Mei and the others planning to get here? ”

"I told you the location, so it's okay. I adjusted the frequency of the communication device and contacted Bandar."

"...Does he have antennae as well?"

"It's not radio waves, it's magical communication. I heard it in a dream."

"Do you know why he's with Mei?"

"I don't know about that. We've only had conversations in dreams."

"I see..."

It's been over a year since Mei started mentioning Bander's name. Amemiya was worried that an unknown being was with her daughter and was watching her private life.

"By the way, what do you look like? You look quite young."

"I just used [Metamol] to make her look like she was younger. There's no reason to make her look older, right?"

Therefore, it would be natural for her to try to escape reality a little and ask Mari, who now looks like she is around 20 years old, that question.

"For me, I was surprised that you accepted us more easily than I expected. I remember hearing you say things like ``Death-attribute shouldn't exist'' several times when you were a Kagemusha of the Six Paths."

"It was you then too... It seems like my best friend was really just an illusion.

I still think the same way about the death attribute. However, that's because they don't want to repeat the tragedy of inhumane human experimentation using the power of death attributes.

I didn't mean to disapprove of the existence of you, the death-attribute magician, or the Bokors who already exist.''

Hiroto Amemiya believes that it is better for the death attribute not to exist in order to prevent further tragedies from happening again. However, I am not arguing that it is better for the death-attribute magicians who already exist to not exist.

Just because we argue that false accusations should not exist in order to avoid repeating tragedies, does not mean that we should physically eliminate the police officers and victims who caused false accusations, conceal information, and make false accusations no longer exist.

"It's not like you guys want to repeat this tragic tragedy and increase the number of death-attribute magicians...What is that!?"

Amemiya stopped mid-sentence and pointed at the sky. There, there was a figure of something with outstretched black wings approaching at high speed.

Gradually, it came into view, and it had a black body that stood out against the blue sky, with a black van hanging from its six legs. It completely ignores aerodynamics.

The other [Bravers] and special forces members also noticed, and were unsure whether to flee or try to intercept them.

“Ah, maybe that’s Bandar?”

"Even if it's not there, it's Bandar! Everyone, don't shoot Bander or that van!"

"Oh, God! God has descended!"

In this way, the threats against the Six Paths were concentrated.

Volume 5 of my work has been released! I would appreciate it if you could pick it up when you see it at a bookstore.

The next episode will be posted on April 23rd.