Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 366: The Demon King Sent by God

A voice of a woman who is compassionate and warm as a mother, although suddenly sounded. Smith believed that he was the voice of Botin, and he was entrusted by God.

And he immediately reported that he was entrusted to the priest of the botanic temple. And in that day, he was called to the chief priest and talked about the detention.

That’s it. This is one of the largest temples of Botin in the Duchess of Zekutoa of the Kingdom of Orbaum, but the content of the shrine was。y large. He was anxious to say, “I have not interpreted God’s Deposit in a wrong way.”

For this reason, the call to hear from the chief priest of the experienced priest was a ship for him.

However, if you notice it, you can   it in the basement.

What is this? ? Listen to the story! I don’t want to be treated like this!”

He said, but he did not know if he had heard it.

And the contraceptive life was not tolerated by Smith.

“I didn’t care about what I was entrusted to God, or both of them! So, is it true to God’s word?

Every day after being  ped, he continued to appeal to the opponent who might be behind the door. It was because of the resentence to the upper part of the temple, which reconstructs the chief priest who 盛ed the medicine to him, and that he intends to funerate the託.

However, Smith himself had not noticed, but it was not possible to escape, and it was because of the fear and fear that he could be 力ped until he died.

A person who lives in the temple in the world of “Ramda” is trained to fight in case of a raid of the monsters and bandits in the middle of a pilgrimage journey, or when the towns and villages with the temple were attacked by a group of monsters.

This Smith was not an exception, and he was blessed with the essence of magic.

The ap  was not the soil attribute of Botin, but the magecraft of fire attributes. However, there is no doctrine that anyone who is not suitable for the soil attribute should serve the Botin temple. Even in the Alda temple, there are no 光s that are not suitable for the optics. ......In the temple where authority is spread, it seems that there is no ap  of the same attribute as the dedication God, and it is difficult to e .

However, the arms of martial arts that he trained such a fire attribute magic were not connected to the door at all. The door is not just iron.

This alloy is made by mixing a small amount of mis  or Adamantite on the iron. Black iron is a magical metal that can be made by people alongside Damascus steel. It is compatible with the lower level of mis  and Adamantite. However, it is too sufficient as a door to keep him 、ped out of the average gods.

I thought to dig and escape the wall rather than the door. However, the walls attached to the door were noisy even if they dig the bricks on the back of the black iron. The opposite side would be di , but you will be noticed before you dig into the tunnel.

I thought that I had to attack the staff and open the door when the meal was served, but it seems that there were also people who were pro。ting him. It was a stone goム when I saw it. When a person’s watch was provided to him, he passed through the tray to goム, and the goム received was further opened to him and passed to him.

It was a goム. I think that it is impossible to do a large behavior other than passing a meal, but I did not want to escape.

The room is not ready to be regarded as an underground . If you don’t have a window, you can find a magical item for bathing and hot water.

Three meals are served, and the same thing as usual is supplied from the door .

However, the feeling of obstruction must gradually be chasing him.

However, the goddess did not abandon him. 【Botin protection】

“My goddess, I thank you! I have to leave this for the first time to reward this grace.”

It was a new deter。, but unfortunately, there was nothing to do with this situation.

Even if he screamed that he had applied from Botin, he wrote a portion of his meal in the tray instead of ink, but he did not respond to him.

“Is it a triumphant thing that Botin gave me an app、、 for those who want to be funeral to the dark?”

The advocacy given by God is simply adding growth. The mystery that gives the protection will reduce the barrier of growth and reduce the experience required for level up. The main effect is that by God who gives the protection, it will be easier to acquire and level up skills related to certain fields.

Even if you are admitted, there is no opportunity for level up or job change. However, if it seems to be the goddess who gave the protection, it was self-discovered and it was not possible to imitate itself.

Now at the time of patience. Don’t give up, wait for an opportunity and always tell the word of God. He said to him, and he had a day to endure the supervision.

Smith didn’t know that, but he was trying to keep the current state of the world that he told him that he had been advocated from Botin.

He belongs to the temple of Botin, but in fact, he was a protagonist who emphasizes my abdomen by connecting to the temple of Alda and the authority. If you follow a politician as a politician, it is a good person to call a politician.

Because it is such a man, it is not true that I believe Botin from the heart even if it is only the mouth. Of course, it is absolutely impossible to receive God-giving. If you are from Botin, it is “the person who is not the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is the person who is.

I don’t know the politics purely in faith, but I don’t have any scary or scary young people who just summoned God’s will.

However, there is a heart that fears God even if there is no faith. Butin gave him an app。。 to Smith, and he feared that the chief priest, who understands that Botin is watching him, may be punished by him.

Actually, the God of the era has almost no means of punishing the supremacy, or the supremacy of the supremacy, even if the supremacy is a believer.

If a devout believer who is able to give up and descend your use, it is possible to penalize such as not dispatching your use even if he or she is required. It is possible to talk directly with the gods.

However, it is impossible to run any of those who do not have the skill of "Goddess" from the original as the chief priest. In order to punish the dozens like him, God needs to descend on the ground directly.

How can I do the Great God if I consume a huge amount of power every time I punish the supremacy? It does not penalize God directly if it is a plan for the extinction of man。, or if it is not enough. ......In recent years, Urugen Terkatanis, but before Alda knew, Vandaloo was moving.

Then, when such a back believer came out, there is no direct hand to God. We believe in the self-purification ability of our followers, and support and observe the believers that they are considered correct from their teachings.

So, if it’s normal, the chief priest couldn’t kill Smith from fear, and Smith didn’t pick up or sacrifice from his faith and sense of mission, and the time was flowing while the situation was boared.

There may be opinions about such an e。 and good, or what is good for people who are sacrificed while it takes time ... I can't do anything because it is not.

It is the same as that human beings who are the believers of any God are deprived of, committed, or killed in somewhere in the world today.

However, in the Kingdom of Orbaum, there is a place where you can freely exchange large amounts of information and opinions as much as possible as possible compared to un、onable deity.

The existence appeared without pretent, before the gods who began to defamate their arms in order to eliminate the lack of exercise and the inability to do.

"I'm sorry." He is a man dispatched by God to help you, and he is known as Vanderou."

“Well? Is it? Is it God?”

"Yes, God. In this case from Botin

“No, how from where you want to go? That’s why you should have a connection so that you can’t enter this room with spatial attribute magic.”

We have moved from the home of Orbaum with a friend's spatial attribute magic. In addition, it is this Tadano who helped me to assign a place to change.

」

Nezmi, seen in the corner of the room and ventilation mouth, faced from Vandalou hair.

“It seems to be easier than twisting red children’s hands, such as crossing this obstacle”

It seems that the measures prepared by the chief priest Botin were equal to the house made of straw for Gaffadoghan, the wicked god of spatial attributes.

It was a Smith that I could not catch up with the understanding, but it was a surprise.

“Who is you Vandalou? The savior who unveiled the seal of the King who sealed Botin?”

“Eh, it’s Vandalou.” I confirm, but you are Smith Willow?

Smith Willow, who was called his own name...Smith said to heaven in a s ing state.

“Oh, I didn’t see me!”

In fact, Botin was aware of the fact that he had given up to the protection of Smith, as well as the believers who had given other protection. However, at the same time, I hesitated to help.

It is not a problem that can be solved easily, such as the age of the gods, can be helped by stretching a little hand. In addition, I was worried that God’s self should move lightly and make efforts to solve humans themselves.

So Vandaloo asked, “Well, if I’m human, it’s a problem solving?” Butin asked, “Soudatane, Antaha Human Dattane” and Smiths for relief.

By the way, I received a request from Pelia.

“Let’s get here soon!”

"Please wait, I am obliged to tell the people of God!"

So Smith claimed to burn the flame of passion to his eyes.

“I respect the intentions, but I don’t need to tell them separately from this temple. Do you want to escape and tell them from a safe place?”

In addition, in order to publish Botin’s deity in this temple, you will need to take care of the chief priest and the people who give it.”

However, when he was admitted to Vandalou, he said, “It’s just that way.”

“In addition, the chief priest of the temple is not arranged publicly, so it is frank to beat. I think that it will become even if I have a lot of evidence to ensure the material, and if I have other temple officials and duches, I think that it will be.

“T。’s it. I also liked my own training, and I have lost my efforts to increase my ally.

I was admitted to Vandaloo, and Smith noticed his failure. There is also a reason that the chief priest and the chief priest of the temple were purely believed, but the resulting drug that was purely believed is strictly prohibited.

If Smith is a truly trusted coworker, a powerful priest, a high priest, and a acquaintance friend in the temple, there should be more options.

“It’s a result theory, and I think it’s tough to ask young people to be perfect, so don’t blame them.”

"...I have no stand if I say to a younger minor than me."

"I am the Emperor, but Smith is the God." It’s bad to say this, but it’s a different stand.”

In addition, the position of the so-called “Gantama” in many temples is the first position that the people who live in the temple, or who are served from the house, that is, the plain employee.

Social position and credibility are high because it is a priest who serves God, but it is a position below in the organization called the temple.

It is different for each temple, but if there is an apprenticeship period under the priest, the chief priest, the chief priest, the chief priest, the chief priest, the chief priest, and the chief priest are equivalent to the chief priest. The Cardinal is a role in the Great Temple, where multiple temples are bundled, such as the Alda Temple of the Amid Empire, and is equivalent to a major corporate role in the Earth company.

By the way, the gods who travel around the borders without belonging to the adventurous or temples are those who do not work at certain temples just by being called for convenience. The adventurous and patrol priests are encouraged to obtain social credibility and aid of a certain temple. And in exchange for assistance, the temple is able to play the same gods in the fight against the monsters and the villages.

It’s a relationship that you have.

If you think from such a position, you will be blamed that there is a wide variety of Smiths that are only young employees and are not building an emergency.

"If you say that I guarantee the contents of the God entrusted by you, it will be the opposite effect for the person who doubts, and the mother says to guarantee the name of the Vida ... too much to保証."

The remarks and credibility of Dalcia, the birthplace of Vida, are exceptional in the Kingdom of Orbaum. If Vida, the same Great God, tells Botin’s will, there will be no one who can deny publicly.

However, in that case, I don’t want to do much because it will crush the face of the Botin believers.

Let’s escape. Hand

Yes

Smith, who took the hand of Vandalou, thought that he would be to escape from the future, was standing in the next moment.

?」

It was a sense of freedom that I could not see in the underground room, but I was surprised to see Smith.

"This is a special space made with my unique skills." Please wait for a while here.

When Vandalou says that his hand is hand-held, he sees a giant tree like a castle. There are tables and chairs around him. I saw a few people who were thinking about sitting on the chair, and worshiping a giant tree.

“Who are you?”

“I believe Gods are different, but they are people who have seen the same thing as you.”

Smith recalls surprises and resentment to the temple, whether he was not alone, was contracepted or obstructed to the dark.

And I was convinced that Vanderou saved him is the right person to instruct him to ally.

Let’s talk with them while enjoying the prepared snacks. They talked with Smith.

What do you do in the future?

“We will help people who are in the same way as you.” All of us have a place where security is strictly and can not be rescued. I’m in charge of the course.

At the same time, the ghost of the spatial attribute,ーン De, repeatedly [transition], while the companions of Vandalu covered the cover helped each temple and its related facilities that were supervised for the same reason as Smith.

He said, “The human-type disaster with the belief of unslaughter has been rushed while destroying the temple,” he said.

Standing is unsuitable and unbehavioral, and the standing walls and floors are destroyed by fists and magecrafts, and the people who are chasing are still kicked away.

Concurrently, the temple of the multiple Duke is attacked, but there is no significant clue that leads to the  prit.

The people of the Duchess of Jahan first did not welcome the event.

“They seem to be different from what they see the Holy Song.”

“Who sees Dark Elf and Goul’s song and dance? The Duchess, who had never done it,

“I’m sure you’ve been working hard for many years.  お

It seemed to be a scattering word. Most of them are Botin believers that Alda believers or Alda is the chief of God, and they are believers such as Nine Road and Pharmaun, so they are only critiqued, but they are still mashi.

"Fin, interesting. Let’s try out what kind of music is like the unexpected Barbarians.

"Dark Elf and Goul" rumors, there are curlers and arcunes!

It seems that I can't come out this night. It seems that the vampire will come out with the demon"

And the people who go to see the event were musicians,遊s, and some young people who are looking forward to seeing them.

But they didn’t work. Nobody knows that they are welcome from the beginning. I was convinced that the situation will change once the stage was opened.

“A new way of playing new musical instruments that I have never seen before is that music, I can shape what I wanted!”

"I'll be converted to Vida. My father and mother, and I'm absolutely

"Cute" It's cute. Nothing else says

“The太鼓 of the drum and the deep and unique singing sounded in my heart.” ......

Every night I saw the dream of the stage. I was shining on the stage...I think that mirror balls are shining in my dream. I'm doing it now."

The people who saw the event once dreamed of returning their palms. If you hear the rumors, people who are interested, and people who are scared, they carry them on the event. If you are suspicious, you will be asked to check if you have any trouble.

On the other hand, there are a certain number of people who do not change regardless of the stage. If you are a singer, they are just playing music, singing and dancing on the stage.

Don’t forget to take a suspicious mage, caring medications, daemons, and undead alterations. Not contrary to any law.

However, it is not necessary to go through the cons ation of "It should be  because it is very popular!" And the stage of the stage is coming up today.

“I’ve finished... my life... I’m not able to fix it anymore.”

And after the curtain, Miriam was str。ling at the edge of the bar where the performers enjoyed the shower and breathed.

"No, I think it's not done separately."

“Well, don’t be pessimistic.” Life is coming. What happens to you?

Canako and Zadilis from the left and right, and mirror balls...... Lighting use magical kings are also looking to worry. However, Miriam does not show the appearance of restlessness.

“I know that this is an important job.” So I had a lot of trouble, but I worked on the job of [English conductor]. However, the result is “Hime of the Night”!?

Idol Live Strategies導くly Leading Audiences to Stop Vida for the Worlds of the Duchess of Jahan. As a result, many of them were acclaimed, especially for high-profile knights, advanced adventurers, magician ルドlds, and mercenaries of past wars.

Thank you for your curse!

"No, it's just a mouth, and it's troublesome even if you are blamed or say thankfulness from Miriam's work."

After the event was finished, the shop was busy.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Miriam

・Race: Race

・Age: 16 years old

・Two names: [Friend of the Demon King] [Legion Leader] [Hero Princess] (NEW!)

・Job: English instructor

・Level: 28

・Job history: Apprentice thief, thief, archer, magic bow user, dark archer, magic archer, holy archer, magical holy archer, bow princess, magical bow princess, commander

・Passive skills

Presence detection: 6Lv

Increased accuracy when equipped with a bow: Maximum

Increased agility when equipped with non-metallic armor: Maximum (UP!)

Mental resistance: 8Lv (UP!)

night vision

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 7Lv (UP!)

Disease resistance: 3Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Transformation: 3Lv (UP!)

Guidance: Eido: 2Lv (NEW!)

Eido Attraction: 1Lv (NEW!)

Ability value enhancement: Command: 1Lv (NEW!)

All ability value enhancement: Small: (NEW!)

・Active skills

Agriculture: 1Lv

Housework: 1Lv

Dagger technique: 5Lv (UP!)

Bow princess technique: 1Lv

Unlock: 6Lv

Trap: 5Lv

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (Awakening from limit breakthrough!)

Armor technique: 8Lv (UP!)

Magic bow limit breakthrough: 9Lv (UP!)

Assassination technique: 5Lv

Familiar demon: 5Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 7Lv (UP!)

Command: 7Lv (UP!)

Butoh: 4Lv (UP!)

Singing: 4Lv (UP!)

Cooking: 1Lv

Instrument performance: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Blessing of Bashas

Zelzeria's protection

Hamul's protection

Vida's protection

●Job explanation: Written by British instructor Luciliano

A guide who guides heroes. ...A common pattern in hero biographies is that companions guided by a guide eventually become heroes, but this job seems to be aimed at those who have already become heroes, those who have the qualities to become heroes, and those who aim to become heroes.

Miriam herself has said many times that she is not the person to take on this kind of job... but I think it is quite possible considering her past achievements.

●Explanation of two names: Hero Princess written by Luciliano

The two names were given to him because he was an [English Instructor]... but rather, they seemed to be two names that he had picked up while singing and dancing on stage.

Perhaps it's because her fans include many advanced adventurers and famous knights.

The next story will be posted on April 29th.

Today, the 17th episode of the comic version of my work by Takehiro Kojima was posted on Comic Walker and Nico Nico Seiga, so please take a look.