Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chrysanthemums Vandalu

聖 two years from the Holy War, the world of “Ramda” has been living everyday.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Faith of Faith for Gods of Alda forces and the Vida family that has been popular on behalf of them. The liberation of the autonomy of the new breed of Vida, where the entry and exit was limited.

The emergence of the Vidal Magic Empire in the   part of the continent by the newly formed Arc Mountains.

Human society has changed too much. However, it does not change even in the world that is a living thing that humans are familiar with. We will be able to spend each day in a changing world.

......In the 大陸 part of the continent, there is still a conflict between the former country, so there are few people who spend a non-daily co ity, but if there is a non-daily period, the extraordinary will be replaced daily.

Then, when the daily life comes back, the royal family will 政治 the political activity that had been done before.

First, Baron Hadroth Jahan, the Duchess of Jahan, announced the engagement. The other party is not the deceased of the aristocratic deity of the kingdom of the Orbaum, but the daughter of the zoク of the ice-snow giants of Gartland, which is located in the basement of the Mao continent.

In addition, Geralt Birgit, the Duke of Birgit, is also tuned under the water to welcome the 4th husband from the monks of the magic continent.

In addition to the two, many nobles are considering the marriage of a politician to connect with the king of the Vidal Magic Empire and the person in a strong position.

Aristocrats with a conservative view of the Kingdom of Orbaum was shocked by this news. In the kingdom of the Orbaum, the wind tide that does not welcome the wife or con  of the tribe other than the human species was strong until now.

Elf and Dwarf are too long to have a long life, and after the death of our Lord, they have been revered as they may be able to take home. However, from the new breed of Vida, it should be noisy because it will be the queen of Hadros Jahan.

However, it is natural to strengthen the relationship by marriage with the Vidal Magic Empire, the friendly allies, if you are from the king with an innovative idea.

Of course, each of the Vidal Magic Empire’s talents are also working to greet the bride and groom to actively connect with the king of Orbaum. ......In the case of the Vidal Magic Empire, the people are more resistant because they know that the people are varied from the dwellers, the elves are chaos elves and the dwellers are not far from the dwellers.

And there are many people who are familiar with Vandalou. However, I didn’t know the命ous life that Vandaloo will talk to the other party of Vandaloo obviously such as Zadilis,ディアdia, Canako and Eleonola.

“What is your relationship with my mother?”

However, there were multiple owners of Banyan who could not leave a name in the history of having a remarried story in Dalcia.

I can not think of the marriage to the undeathed who died the husband with the mother of the politician. Did you think that you have gained strong prosperity ahead of other aristocrats, or would you like to sell a name and face from a bad reputation? Or did you want to marry Dalcia in real time?

First, prove to be stronger than me. Let's fight in Coliseum. Of course, I don’t really interact with my life.”

And Vandalou rejected the story. It may be worse because I decided to greet with my best after admitting the story itself.

At first, I thought that Vandalu said a顔 on his face. However, after that, the 忠alists, who said, “I should still be able to withdraw.” He quickly understood that he was serious because he would leave a friendship relationship from the Lord’s Duke. And most of the expectants were 、ed and withdrawn.

There were fewer candidates, but Dalcia continued to support Isah, so he decided to withdraw his heart.

However, there are people who want to aim for other relatives if the mother of the undies is stolen. That’s the mainstream.

However, Paulina, Jadal, and Vavi, the sister of the righteousness, are, of course, married to Vanderou. The size of the son of Bakunawa is not to mention. If you hear that you have a second child, you will lose your shoulders that you know that it is a true giant alディア born between the month giant Dana.

If you think that it is not a marriage, but a marriage, you will be able to do it. There are only high ルdles for the marriage of a human society such as the former "Mamajin King", "Ken Wang"クスs, and King Noble Oak Buddhalion.

In addition, he was active as a singer of Artサー and Kashm, but not an honorary aristocratic, he seems that he was not seen from the aristocratic tribe of the Kingdom of Orbaum.

In addition, the storm of 嵐ence, including the Schne、 of Zun Rai, was removed from the target.

If you are a S-class adventurer, even if you are from the plains, it is worth connecting the edges more than a noble. However, it is feared that he had been named as a S-class adventurer of the Amid Empire who had been an enemy country for a long time, and he had a chance to defeat the aristocratic of the Amid Empire in noon.

However, when you say to Reshana, it seems to be saying, “The zod and doltons are very good, because the Schneは is surrounded by many women, it is just far away.”

So, the S-class adventurer of the Kingdom of Orbaum, “True” Randolph, I was prompted by the former principal of the former principal of the former principal who knows the situation.

It is a small, but it is a thorough挙 to ask Vanderou. Now the aristocrats have changed their wives from meorilis to their daughters, but they can’t be said even if their mouth is broken.

If you are a wife from a higher position than the current wife, you may be welcomed by the second husband, not the second husband. It is not very welcome because the house is rough and the successor problem stops later, but as a conventional example, it is written from the old days.

However, because the emperor of the friendship country, Vandalou was a con、ation, Meolilis was a true wife of Randolph, but it was the same as that of Vandaloo.

And before the second husband and the third husband said that they are not good, they jumped to Gartland in the basement of the Mao continent.

......It is a suspicious thing whether it is a fake.

“Although there is a purpose to escape from the hydrangea aristocrats...Randorph, we have been several times in this relationship so far. However, the relationship between each other was not clear. Do you want to make a formal couple for about five decades?

"The main reason we have continued to have a halfway relationship is that I feel that I'm, but I'm going to walk from the front, and I'm not feeling much as a drama because I'm running away more. Let’s face the relationship with you.

"... I think that it is not a drama, but an adventurer, or something simple, as a man."

Since there was a conversation, it might be not a falsehood.

"It may be a new idea to say a couple idle unit."

It seems that it is close to the day of two independent debuts because I also said Kanako.

On the other hand, there were few discussions about Vandalou himself. It seems that he was not allowed to be God at the same time as he was a person.

However, there is a person who wants to give out daughters, sisters, and sisters, saying, “It’s not a formal con、, it’s an informal lover.” There was a story about Vandaloo.

There are more options for your life. If you have any questions, please contact us.

Vandalou, in other words, appeared in the dream of the opponent to hold the hand that was sent out, took a life consultation, in some cases, had a relationship with the people of the Vidal Ma empire, suggested to extend the life by mutating to the new breed of Vida, such as the dwarf and vampire, etc.

"Vandalu, recently among the aristocrats of the Kingdom of Orbaum, the rumor is flowing, "If you go to life and get married to the Emperor Vandalu, you will solve it."

“Because it is Van, I thought it was good, and I was on a life consultation, but ... I should not take a consultation directly by Van.

"It's like that, my husband. When the rumor spreads further, it may be 婚ed from the 装in.

"...I already dreamed of yesterday."

Also, when I went to the other party's dream, the other party was a youth with a neutral name.

There is no connection required to support other aristocrats due to the strict management of the territory, and the application of the self-discovered opinion has arrived at Vanderou with no check evenly.

“I listened to the story, but it was not possible to interfere directly with the financial problem of the aristocratic family of other countries, so I decided to lend it to a merchant with a connection.”

“I don’t have to return the money I borrowed after all?”

"It's a goal. “I want to re人生 my life with a lighter sperm”

I see. If the husband thought that his aristocratic can be done even if he is a plain citizen, it will be done. So, are you going to keep up with it?

“...... Let’s sedentify rumors as early as possible.”

Vandaloo doesn’t want to help a man separately, but it’s no pleasure to get in touch with him.

In Vida’s doctrine, there is no special prohibition on homosexuality. Because it is a large god of life attribute, it is recommended to raise children, but there is no denying the relationship that the child can not.

Vandalou also teaches the policy.

"How do you do it? I think that it will calm down if you have been married for several years later?"

As Eleonola says, the politic marriage is silenced even if the kingdom of Orbaum is overheated. There are many aristocrats and 商 merchants in the Kingdom of Orbaum, but they don’t know that they are endless.

In addition to the daughter connected to the blood, there is a need to be greeted as a nurse to use it from orphanages, etc., but in that case it takes time to教育 as a woman in front of him. If you send it in a semi-finished state, you can not apply mud to the nurse who connects the edges of both houses.

So, new politicians are not affected in a short time.

In addition, the current politic wedding boom is because it is 慌ry to connect the Vidal Empire and the rims that appeared without the touch. Therefore, if there is a relationship, it will calm with nature.

“I don’t have to be able to lose anyone who has a van.”

“There are people who are caught up in any country. I think I can’t get married to Vanderou if it’s not aristocratic.

"No way to work" Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Building a temple or growing a permanent priest

“Is it enough to make a plan for a huge statue?”

"Bermond, I thought that I could not stop the big picture. However, it is a tourist facility rather than a religious facility.

Originally, God loves to believers. In most cases, there is no need to support God directly affecting the real world. It is a priest and the priest who work in the temple to get a consultation of a believer who suffers instead.

In addition to the medical and education of people, the temple officials have played a role in solving mental and social problems.

The huge statue of Vandalu, which has a plan to live in various places, is not suitable for the ability to attract customers but play such a role. Although there is still no kingdom of the Orbaum election, it will not change much to the Vidal Magic Empire.

And if you want to talk to Vanderou in the Vidal Magic Empire, please talk to the messenger King. On the other hand, it is only a part of the place where you can see the king of the Orbaum Kingdom.

For this reason, it is necessary to have the usual Vandalu Temple and the Vanderu priest.

“I’m honest, I don’t feel too much.” Even if there are more temples and priests in the Netherlands, huge statue construction will not stop."

“My husband, do you say that the role is different earlier?”

“It’s not an adult when you see the Vidal Magic Empire. Even if it is large, it is about 10 minutes.

As Dalcia says, the Vandalu statue, which is planning around the Kingdom of Orbaum, is much smaller than the statue in the Vidal Magic Empire.

It seems that the statue of the politician, which is said to be God, is made larger than the castle of his country. ...... It may be difficult to create a huge image of 100 meters for the most common technology and economic reasons.

"Mother, the statue of 10 meters is large enough. In addition, I think that increasing the temple and the priest need various roots.  

After that, when Vandalou tells the embassy that he is trying to develop and dispatch the priests and the priests who devoted himself in the Kingdom of Orbaum, he was still a fuss.

A certain number of people suspect that they are going to ride from inside because of the power of religion.

However, Chesare, who is Vandalu and Shogun and devotees, predicted that such people would come out, and continued carefully.

That’s why I didn’t have any trouble.

It is not clear that Vandalou is going to ride the Kingdom of Orbaum from the inside of the religion even more than half of the suspect. ......The influence of Vandalou is high enough, because there is no big difference in the temple and the number of priests who are going to there.

The poses they suspect are intended to participate in the priests who are trained in the Temple of the Vidal Magic Empire. There is an obsession that seems to increase the amount of Vidal Magic Empire that can be obtained by doing so.

In addition, there seems to be an intention to relieve the dissatisfaction of the person who remembered the rebellion to the influence of the Vidal Magic Empire by意見ing the opposite opinion.

In addition, there was no reason that the suspicious aristocrat like Bravatille, the Knight of Roaring Flame, was caused by the supervisor.

"I think it's time to go to the bouquet, I think it's time to go out."

“Van has become bigger than in the past.”

“... I’ve been around forever.”

However, the 芽 of the incident was not only the nobles of the Kingdom of Orbaum, but also the inside of the Vidal Magic Empire. It was too late for Vandaloo to notice it.

As a result, Vandaloo was brought by women during the audience of the Royal Castle.

"Now, I'm walking for a while."

“I don’t care about it”

Please leave your mind away from Ghost Kimberley and Chiplus.

“I don’t see sams, kunochens and bones from the morning.”

And the men were away from the morning.

“How do you decide the order of your car? We can’t do anything with a lottery.”

“No, first, you should ask for your husband’s hope.”

“Bermond, I think it’s normal, but I don’t know what time will be if I leave it to Van?”

Women who are actively trying to offer Vanderlus and night. Since the apparel is the same as usual, I should say to the bed immediately if I chose it, but Vanderou felt the strong will of her.

“Is it a wedding?”

Usually it is an emperor, but it is a noble, but when you get married, the ceremony will be given, and a large banquet will be held. Unless it is an unofficial mist。.

And there are many women in the high social position, such as the long and daughter of the family, and the princess of the country. If it is normal, it will be correct to give an expression before becoming a physical relationship.

。 What do you say? How many years have you ever been before?

"Amelia, calm. The pupil is open.

However, it is true that there are many things that are not normal around Vanderou. The mother of Elizabeth Saulon is one of them.

Her madness, which continues to think of her daughter Elizabeth's father as a younger Vandaloo, is still a good condition today. ...... She did not give a wedding with her husband.

"Mother, calm. Oh, there were many things in front of me. So I'm going to talk about it.

"...I'm so. Before the formal ceremony, the Amid empire was attacked and it was not that much.

Amelia reflects memory by mis ing daughter Elizabeth. In addition, she asked her daughter about her marriage to Vandalou. ......I don’t see Elizabeth how it is complemented by her.

"Oh, Amelia is very cute, and there is no side around it. Because there was no system of marriage in Gour, etc.

And there is no system of marriage in Zadilis. However, it is a story when I was living in a village of Goul only in the magical boundary.

"Grandma, I want to do a wedding.  

“Tを’s, Jadalu and Vavi weddings”

"Yes, grandma and mother and van wedding. My grandmother looks cute!

Jadal and Vavi, born after Zadilis Tugur moved to Tarosム, was a natural environment to touch the culture and customs of other tribes in the time of materialization, so values have changed.

Let's make a change when you change. What?

"Zadilis, wedding dresses and stage costumes are different."

"Yes, my mother." As Kanako says, there should be different defenses and effects given.

“I don’t say that,ディア Dia!”

“T、 people have met Van, and they have seen new cultures and customs, but it seems that they can’t get out of their values for many years.”

Tarea of the original species breathes to say.

“T、’s more than that, Jadal and Vavi are still early?”

Gour women's appearance age does not stop until they are pregnant for the first time. On the other hand, if you are young, you should be careful. Kaア, who was an original adventurer, pointed out, but Billede answered immediately.

Don’t worry. The two are still not married to Van. 5 years ago

"If you are safe"

“What kind of thing is the wedding dress of human social style? I have heard, but I have never seen it.”

“Is it sure that the color is white and all the lower body is hidden?”

The prebell of the sベルar says that the large species of Arakne are. Indeed, even if they wear a wedding dress for humans, they will be disappointed.

“If you lose your shoulders and back fabric, don’t let your sickle arms and wings go out.”

“Is it too exposed as a wedding dress? And now I’m a magician. There is almost no chance to celebrate when you get married.

The iris that mutates to the muses of the empusa and the suc s of the magician will be worn by the arms of the edges born from the left and right shoulders and the wings of the back.

However, there are many people who do not marry because there is a lot of fun. I don’t know how many times it is, and I don’t know how many times it is, and I don’t know how many times it is, and I don’t know how many times it is, and I don’t know how many times it is, and I don’t know how many times it is to be.

“I don’t care about it. I heard that we celebrate as we like and bless them as we like.

But don’t celebrate marriage, Dalcia was an iris teacher.

“I think Godwin and George came to your wedding!”

“Is it?” I would like to have a ceremony again.

Iris, who makes his feelings honestly at the heart of Dalcia. No one remembers the feeling of discomfort when there is Dalcia in this place.

“Well, do you have to dress up for each individual?”

"We are armor. What do you think?

Living Armor Lita and Sarria had a complex feeling to wear a dress because the body was armor.

“I don’t like it because it’s complicated?”

"My father is happy."

Let’s make the decoration of the wedding dress.

By the way, the story is going on in the direction of wedding, is there any other opinion?

Women brought Vandalou here was not for wedding consultation. However, he asked him because he had a physical relationship after the wedding as desired by Vandalou.

"I don't have anything." Vandalou also liked it as we expected

Legion's root answers. It was because they had a calculation that he would face.

"Ghosts and enthusiasm are saying there is objection! And I prefer the tuxedo more than the dress!"

"Ghosts are very good, and Enma seems to be similar"

“Walkeley probably doesn’t want to roll on the hem.”

It seems that there are various opinions in the spirit of Legion, which includes the personality of men, even though it is a minority.

“We are going to be a national event for weddings, so we think that our consciousness will change.”

"I heard that the king of Tarosム had even had a crown ceremony."

The Princess of Levia and Olbia supplement them. It was also aware of Vandalou.

Forms and ceremonies will change people’s awareness. About a decade ago, I made a coronation to the king of Tarosム, and I think that the self-awareness as a king of one country has sprouted to Vandaloo.

(When I remember the old things, I will think that it is better to do it.)

“Oh, you say, but if you do a ceremony to comm、rate God, you will be like God?”

“Is it an exception because it should be done many times in Tarosム?”

“I think I’m doing it in another world.”

“I’m more concerned about it. Can I ask questions?”

Gina, the chief priest of Vida, came to visit with a serious face.

"Van, what can I do? It looks like a little older."

She cares about whether she has a fertility in Vanderou. The reaction to her words was certainly divided into those who nodded that it is important and those who reddish the cheeks.

I can. Of course, not mythical methods, but also biological methods"

The question was Vandaloo, the former, and he answered the truth. It is not a purpose to make a child in marriage, but it is not a matter of importance.

After a while, Vandaloo, a dumpire, grows very slow. The appearance of Vandalu is the same as the child under it, even if it is age 15 to be adult. However, he is absorbing all of the vanishes.

That’s why Vandalou has already gained fertility.

"And you can become adults only if you look. It is a bit distorted, twisted, or a fewer than usual."

“It’s not an adult, it’s possible to transform it into a different form.”

“I’ve worked hard together and I’ve done so far, but I’m sure I’m still feeling uncomfortable.”

"I think that only the face will be something if a clay work or a special makeup help a good person."

Because it is the body of an alien organism that was originally manifested from a different world, it is not suitable for changing while keeping human shape.

“I didn’t think it’s difficult to recreate my adult’s appearance naturally rather than resembling someone specific.

Well, I’m looking out for my wedding?

"I think it is better to make several people at a time because there are many people to be listed at once. The venue is not only the talosム but also the shape to travel around the region.

“Oh, I’m a member of the first expression, but I’m sure Dalcia Moms are determined first.”

"Yes, I'm a mother of Vanderou?"

」

"No objection"

"It's a little waiting."

Dalcia, who noticed that he is going to marry Vandalu with a natural flow, is s、ing to hear the voice.

“Dalcia Mom, I don’t have to shine like that.”

“Powvina, not, I and Vanderou”

“Mother, I thought about the problem... I’m not a real parent or child, now my mother is not a parent or child.”

"Eh!? That's it, it's a bad thing, Vandalu!"

Dalcia was shocked as a saying that he was not a parent and child.

“Well, this is the anti-age? Vandaloo, the growth.”

"Mother, physically speaking"

?」

。 My mother’s body is made of Zakart’s heritage that Gwhadghan keeps and materials I made.

Dalcia, who died once in a fire broiled sentence, is transformed into a body created with the skeleton of Oriharucon made by Vanderou, the internal organs of the collected and processed wizard, the material made by the Witch King, and the blood of the goddess.

Therefore, strictly speaking, the body of Dalcia is not the dark elf of the mother of Vanderou. Even if the tribe is a chaos elf sauce, there is also a sumi of the status of God.

“How can we be closer to Dalcia?”

"This body of the breeders is because of the fl、 that originally failed to play the body of Dalcia"

Let's say. I forget from time to time, but the huge inner fl  that her soul dwells was originally a failure to play the body of Dalcia.

“If you say that, it’s true, but it’s true, but my soul is still good?”

“If I don’t think that my soul is a problem, I’m going to be a problem.”

The soul is vandaloo, but the soul is soul. ticly no influence.

In addition, it is not possible to prove that the predecessor and the predecessor of the couple, the predecessor, the predecessor, the predecessor, the parent and the si , is not.

In Dalcia, personality and memory are inherited as it is. However, if it is a problem, if Dalcia lost his memory due to some reason, the problem will disappear?

“Of course, this is biased by my thoughts.” Therefore, if the mother is unable to convince, you can use other means.

“... I’m really dislike, but I’m listening to it in mind. What is the method?

“We are married to Vida.” I think it will be OK.

"Yes!? Vida is the thing of Vida?"

If you drop the Dalcia of Vida, first from Vida. If it is normal, it will mean to go to the temple of Vida, but in the case of Vanderou, it will be meaningless.

Whatever, in the Gods of Vida, Vandalu's division stays for the adjustment of the regeneration system. It is easy for him to go to the God of Vida right now to change all the contents into the body.

Of course, it is another problem that Goddess can accept a proposal directly to the goddess.

(However, if you are a Vida, you probably want to accept it.) No one will stop

However, in Dalcia there was a belief that Vida would be a marriage of Vandalu. Originally Vida is a goddess of love, and there is a myth that has a relationship with multiple gods and heaven.

In order to create a new species of Vida over tens of thousands years ago, the timas, the giant of the sun, the wicked gods of the former Mausoleum, Melebebail, Zanar Padna, and the ッカーed者 Zakart.

You will not be able to say that your son is out of the defending range before your body is alive, and you will not hesitate.

“When you are married to the Great God, you will be 業 with myths and legendary gods and heavens.” That’s the Great Vanderlust

“Oh, I’ve been there, Mr. Guphadoghan. That’s it...Vandalou, certainly, if that’s the way I’m convinced, but it’s the word of the proposal.

I want to drink with my father's nails.

There is no language. Let’s get married again.

“Yes!”

Home

"Of course"

“Of course!”

っ

There was no answer in the overlapped voice.