Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 14 Character introduction

●Vandalu Arc Hill Willow Solda Zakart Dampir (Mother: Goddess) Male 13

I lost the Rokudo Seiichi school which I missed in "Origin" while spending a fulfilling school life at the adventurer school, and I defeated the Mao Gudulanis, and I reached the capital of the kingdom of Orbaum.

We regret that the end of our work is unwilling, and we want to see our head and shout "How did we do this?" It’s because you know that you’re self-sufficient to help you maximise Orbaum.

It is now open.

Even the dead, various monsters, and even some humans are fasc , but in fact, it is fatal to reduce the distance from oneself to others, so even the preliminary school that I enrolled was a bocce as a school life in the "Earth".

However, by chance, she encounters Elizabeth steam and s、es her position as a hip drawer, she gains a place in school.

From there, he teaches other students and teachers, treats colleagues from some teachers, and tells them “Musage”.

He is taking a confrontation to Alex, who was the best candidate for primary graduation, but he is not because he saw his status in [Big Appraisal Maze], but he is also known as a prototype to grow by Elizabeth. It is just a pose. ......Alex had previously seen Elizabeth as below, so it was a bit bad impression.

If you’re thinking about Vandalu’s behavior, you’ll have to just squeez the adventurer school and the taymarルドld, but you’ll encounter Ameria Saulon at a mental remedy hospital where you visited in practice, and you’ll be familiar with her. In addition, the 精神、try was visited by the Duchess of Hadros Jahan, and the eccentricity of the Terkatanis, resulting in the ambition of the sixth zodiac sign and the magnolia Gudulanis.

The important thing is the connection between people.

[Kuri Photo] A group of daemons born by the skill of the [In。 World] gained by the job, and suspiciously reviving the countless spirits that drift around there, and Mae Amid Imperial Mashukuzar lives.

Also, in the fight against Rokudo St., he gained the power to aim for the "five-colored blade" of the wings at the same time while considering not to be affected by the ground.

After Gudulanis revived, the   and dinosaurs aiming for "five-colored blades", but still the 力の who can fight more than each other in the fl  from the front with Gudulanis. If Gudulanis was complete, it would have been reversed, but the soul and the physical body were incomplete, the former witch could not be able to win the true witch.

When I broke the Gudulanis, I was suspicious that I would be able to revive the Magus by riding any Gudulanis. But I believe that Gudulanis was completely destroyed in my sense. ......The basis is only the sense of Vandalou himself, so it is impossible to convince someone who does not believe him.

However, Vandaloo is not related to him because he intends to kill whatever he says.

After the war, he reconstructed and reconstructed the Orbaum, and is trying to spread the vida faith and guidance throughout the Kingdom of choice.

In my life, the birth of a child between the moon giant Dana will be born. Next to Baknawa, Elizabeth (!?), it becomes the third person.

In addition, he is resisting to be worshipped as a god from Talosムme's Nuasa and the suspicious daemons, but in fact it is not disliked. However, it is only resistance to being subject to faith because I define myself as human.

By the way, because the distance limit of the King used is no longer possible, it has gained experience from the countless use of the King, and it is planned to work immediately on a new job.

・List of missing pieces of the King

Blood, Horn, Sucking Machine, Sumi Bag, Thala, Odor, Light Emitting Device, Fat, Jaw, Eyeball, Kiss, Body Hair, Outer Skeleton, Sewage, Hor , Tiger Claw, Bi-Ophthalmology, Brain, Vessel, Vessel, Tongue, Tongue, Bone, Skin, Bizarre, Maze, Nerve, Stomach, Skin Membrane, Feather, Tacteroid, Bone, Ore, Silk Thread, Muscle, Crystal, Sweat Gland, Snail, Void, Bone, Bone, Bone! NEW!

●Powvina Zakart Noble Oak Half Female 9 years old

Noble Oak Half Girl enrolled in an adventure school called a preliminary school with Vandalou. Actually, when converted to humans, it is equivalent to age 15 and almost adult in the world standard of "Ramda".

At the school, it was noted because of its physical characteristics (three meters tall).

I was able to have a party member called Rhinehard, and I was able to take a close friend (Lapiesage, Yamata, Pine, and Rvezfor), and I had a comfortable school life.

In the Dark Aberon case, only the party led by her was active outside the school, but it was determined to be an overwar to intermittent to the mage for preparation to use the dungeon managed by the early preschool as a shelter.

In the event of the incident, the seal of the ruvezfor was dissolved in the fight against Gudulanis, and the original figure was not concerned that she is “The ruvez is a ruvez.” ......If you say precisely, the figure returned and enlarged, so I can not walk in the town.

I have been working on a job called “Dragon Princess”, “Ryusuke” and “Dragon Princess”.

In addition, after the seal of the ヴェezfor was removed, I was able to acquire the [Approach of the ヴェezfor].

For Elizabeth, he said, “My  ce increased.”

Name: Paulina Zakart

Species: Noble Oak Half

Age:9

Two names: [The Magic Girl of the Next Generation] [Magic Use] [Ryuhime]

Job:Dragon Princess

Level:19

Job history: Apprentice Warrior S man S術man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man S man

・Passive skills

Darkness

Lv(UP!)

Strengthening Lv(UP!)

Physics Resistance: 10Lv (UP!)

Agg ive power boost when equipped with a duller: A ning from the攻撃nt attack!

Metal armor armor armor armor armor armor armor armor armor armor

shield equipment when protection power is increased: large (A ning from strengthening shield equipment defense force!)

Mental Resistance: 5Lv

Intuition: 5Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 8Lv (UP!)

Magic Power: 4Lv(UP!)

Reinforcement Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Transformation: 4Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Rvezfor:1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Lv(UP!)

Throwing: 6Lv

Dragon Armor: 1Lv

Shields:10Lv(UP!)

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (A ning from the limit break!)

Home事Lv(UP!)

Fighters: 6Lv (UP!)

Dismantling: 4Lv(UP!)

術Lv

Magic Control: 4Lv

Dirt Attribute Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

: 6Lv(UP!)

Singing: 4Lv(UP!)

Dance: 4Lv(UP!)

Magic: 6Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Conductor Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Garrett

Vanderou's protection

Mubuggenge's protection

Tiermatt protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

LUVE'S FORE (NEW!)

●Dalcia Zakart Chaos Elf Sauce Female 2 years old

The mother of Vandalu, who became public in human society, is the birthplace of Vida. They are warmly watching children who grow through the school, and they are transformed to the aristocratic opponents and show off the stage.

She was fighting for a long time, but she was recreating the body, and she was invited to the God of Vida from the state of the soul.

The spirit and the body are optimized as the re ation of the Vida, and the more you can’t think about it, the more you’re done.

However, personality is the person of Dalcia, and it is not changed when it becomes the residual of the Vida.

For this reason, it is possible to keep the ヴィvida down rather than the time the bellwood is dropped into the body.

After the Dark Aberon incident, it is sublime as Vida’s body, and in fact, it is one of the reasons why Vandalu, her son, is視.

●Isen Scoog Claw Great Empress ? Female

His obedience bound by Vanderou. In Orbaum, she lives in the garden of Silky Zaccato Mansion, and has been reigned as a sister of Jubocco and gardener Deep Blood Soccer.

The sweet juice made from the sap is not only a pre-school student but also aristocratic, but it is a garden with a ghost residence and a famous silky, so no one wants to give her hands. ......There seems to have been multiple inquiries to Tamerルドld whether the plant could not be ムed.

Even if you can taste the magic of the plant, it is less likely to reach the same quality as her delicacy in the area of God.

From Scoo。 Empress to High-Empress to Great Empress.

・Name:Isen

・:13

・Type: Scoog Claw Great Empress

・Level:99

・Passive skills

Power:6Lv(UP!)

Ultra-speed playback LvLv (A)ning from high-speed playback!)

State failure resistance: 10Lv(UP!)

Magic Resistance:10Lv(UP!)

Physics Resistance: 10Lv (UP!)

Life Power: 4Lv

Body ultra-reinforcement: bark branchLvLv (body enhancement: A ning from bark branches!)

Fruit High Speed Purification: 5Lv (UP!)

High speed purification: 5Lv(UP!)

Branch High Speed Purification: 5Lv(UP!)

Color Inc) Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Subordinate: 10Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 8Lv (UP!)

・アクティブe skills

Fighters: 8Lv (UP!)

Throwing Lv(UP!)

Armor Lv(UP!)

Ultra-ab ent: 1Lv

Unattribute Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Dirt Attribute Magic:8Lv(UP!)

Life Attribute Magic:8Lv(UP!)

Shrink Lv(UP!)

Magic Control Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Link:6Lv(UP!)

Cuisine:1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

ZOZOGANTE

Plants

Vanderou's protection

Botin's protection (NEW!)

●Ira Vampire Chein Road Z e About 30,000 women

This is the name of the parent whose six-way is known as Dark Avalon. I participated in the training at the preparatory school in the state where I was 輪ed as a subtle of Vandalou, and I was sung in Orbaum such as walking around the city together.

It was a role to escort while instructing the kings of Cobite by changing to the Terkatanis predecessor, but Rokudo Sacred went out to a plan that exceeded the expectations, and he keptを守り for a while because he released the mage in Orbaum.

Therefore, the King Kobit chose to see the “振ile many magical objects appear, they will act calmly without fear.”

In addition, it is important to disguise yourself by changing to aristocratic without obtaining the consent of the person such as a武dow, and it is impercepted that death can be.

......It was a plan that Rokudo St. would be able to feel that she is a fake, even if she did not take care of the situation. However, at the same time, it was planned to be a place to know the kings that the real predecessor was a national bandage that had passed through the Rokudo St. Vandaloo is planning to propose that the fact was to be lost in the dark and to change the dark.

When I was so surprised, I rushed up and escaped to the Duchess of Alcrem, and considered to confront the kingdom of the choice, the presence of the Vidal Magic Empire and the Alliance with the Duchess of Alcrem. (I thought that the Duchess of Jahan had to go back)

The choice of discarding the Aila seems to be more transcendent than Vandalu, and the loyalty of the Aila that has already reached its limits.

The revival of Gudulanis, "I was the trustee of the black man of the whole nose, before birth." In this regard, there was an opinion with Eleonola.

In the reconstruction and reconstruction of Orbaum, he organizes a self-professional team and flys the night sky in one of the Excussioners Sod.

I am currently ranked in the next rank 14. Do you say that the ranked God is not yet at that time?

Oh, Ira.

・Name:Ira

Age: 30,000

・T】 name:【Traditional dog】

・:13

- Species: Vampire Chein Road Z:e

Level: 100

・Passive skills

Darkness

State failure resistance: 10Lv

Stiffness: 4Lv(UP!)

High-Speed )Lv(UP!)

Mental Pol : 8Lv

Slaughter Recovery:10Lv

Intuition: 6Lv

Ability Enhancement: Vanderlus: 10Lv

Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 6Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Transformation Lv(UP!)

Armor Force Enhancement: UP!

・アクティブe skills

Blood: 6Lv(UP!)

Water Attribute Magic:8Lv

Fire Attribute Magic:8Lv

Unattribute Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic Control: 7Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Transformation Armorology鎧Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

High Speed Flight: 5Lv

Lv

7Lv(UP!)

Conductor: 5Lv (UP!)

Family事Lv

Link:6Lv(UP!)

riding Lv

Fighters: 4Lv (UP!)

5Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Var :7Lv

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

●Eleonola Vampire Princess Night (Fukabuchi noble blood sucking princess Knight) 16 years old (Outside Age 20) Female

Vampire No. 1 in Tamerルドld, Orbaum Kingdom. It seems to have been a lot of people who go to the world.

After the sixth road released the magical object in Orbaum, he took on Sam's cargo platform, and he was fasc。 by the aristocratic who is likely to resist the evacuation, and put it on the ship. As a result, it seems that the aristocrats living in the aristocratic city have made certain fans.

In addition, the slower her growth than Ayra is because she was delayed to evacuate people when Rokudo St. released magic.

・Name: Eleonola

・Age: 16 years old

・Twin name:【Tadai no Tada dog】

・:13

- Species: Vampire Princess Night

・Level:95

・Job: Magic Sword Princess

Job Level: 96

・Job history: slave user apprentice wizard apprentice wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard

・Passive skills

Darkness

Super Reinforcement: 4Lv(UP!)

Stiffness:1Lv

High speed playback:10Lv

Conditional Aberration ResistanceLvLv

Intuition: 6Lv

Psycho LvLv

Magic Power Auto Recovery:10Lv

Attention: 7Lv(UP!)

Sunlight Resistance: 5Lv

Color: 5Lv

Magic Power: 5Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 4Lv

Self-reinforcement: Transformation Lv(UP!)

Armor Force Enhancement: UP!

・アクティブe skills

Mining:1Lv

Blood: 6Lv(UP!)

Time Attribute Magic:10Lv

Life Attribute Magic術Lv(UP!)

Unattribute Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic Control: 7Lv

Fighting Swords Lv(UP!)

Fighters: 8Lv (UP!)

Brutal Foot: 5Lv

Stealing:1Lv

Housekeeping:4Lv

Shields:8Lv(UP!)

Armorship:8Lv(UP!)

Limit: 10Lv

:5Lv

Magic: 6Lv

Magic Sword Limit: 7Lv (UP!)

High Speed Flight)Lv(UP!)

5Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Lv(UP!)

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

●Belmond Vampire Emperor Butler (Beautiful Vampire Emperor Admiral Beast) Approx. 10,000 years old Female

I entered Orbaum as a deter  of Vandalou, but I was re-entered as a demon of vampire. Worked as an obsession at Silky Zakart Mansion and coached new people.

The structure of the house is complicated, and there are many preparations that cause trouble to live, so it seems that it took some time to get used to it.

After the reconstruction and reconstruction of Orbaum, he has been working like a secretary of Vandalu and is aiming for an opportunity to breathe blood next to him.

・Name: Belmond

・Age: Around 10,000 years old

・Twin name:【Tadai no Tada dog】

・:13

- Species: Vampire Emperor Butler (Vampire Vampire Emperor Admiral Beast)

・Level:90

- Job: Transformation

Job Level: 97

・Job history:Ka  apprentices apprentices 賊efs 賊efs assassins  ers Stringmasters 獣ist Warrior Magecraft Cri  Crest master Crestivatler Transformation Crestiti

・Passive skills

Darkness

Monster power:10Lv(UP!)

High Speed Regenerative LvLv

Conditional Aberration ResistanceLvLv

Super Reinforcement: 4Lv(UP!)

Magic Power Super Recovery: Damage: 4Lv (UP!)

Attention:10Lv

Intuition:6Lv(UP!)

Mental Pol : 7Lv

Body Reinforcement:Ass Tail:8Lv(UP!)

A ning force is increased when threading is equipped.

Magic PowerLvLvLv(UP!)

Self Reinforcement: Lead: 7Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Transformation Lv(UP!)

Armor Force Enhancement: UP!

Color inc):1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

術Lv

Throwing: 6Lv(UP!)

Shorts Lv

Blood: 6Lv(UP!)

Wind Attribute Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

術Lv

Magic Control: 5Lv

High Speed Flight: 5Lv

Brutal Foot:10Lv

Trap:7Lv

Dismantling: 4Lv

Limit transverse: 4Lv

Housework:10Lv

Lv

Fighters:8Lv

Assassin: 6Lv(UP!)

Magic: 6Lv(UP!)

5Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Home

Stone Maze:7Lv(UP!)

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

●Gwhadghan The Wick of the Maze ? Age Female

The wicked god behind Vanderlust. Actually, when Vandalu was not ordered anything especially while he was at a preparatory school or a mental院.

However, her attention is Vandalou, so I don’t notice her curiosity as well as Randolph and Meolilis. The backward wicked, or a competent background.

I saw the revived Gudulanis, but I was not interested in the previous boss, and I did not remember the feeling because I was only the enemy of Vandaloo for her now.

Even if the reconstruction and reconstruction of Orbaum begins, Vanderou basically exists. I didn't have an original.

In addition, when Diana had a child of Vandalou, he thought, “If I have a body, can I do the same thing?” However, when I succeeded in carrying a basket, I thought that it would be obstructed to keep the Vandalou, and it was pending to move to the execution.

At least, it seems that Vandalu is not going to exist until the honeymoon or until it is desired from Vandalu.

By the way, from the re ation of the evil gods to the re ation of the Great Evil God.

・Name: Gaffadghan

・Ranking:16

・Category: The End of God

・Level:98

・T) name: [The Wick of the Maze] [The Wick of the Vanderu] [Vanderu] [The Wick of the Vanderu] [The Wick of the Vanderu] [The Wick of the Test] [The Wick of the Back] (NEW!)

・Passive skills

Special five senses

Fake: Elf girl

Ultra-speed playback LvLv (A)ning from high-speed playback!)

All attribute resistance: 10Lv

Ability Enhancement: Vandalou:1Lv (A ning from Vandalou!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 7Lv (UP!)

Magic Power: 6Lv(UP!)

・アクティブe skills

Dimensional Magic Super Precision Control: 10Lv

Dimensional Magic: 6Lv(UP!)

Trap:10Lv

Aeration: 1Lv

10Lv

Lv(UP!)

Martial arts Lv(NEW!)

1Lv(NEW!)

Dance: 1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Psychic:10Lv

Wickness of Maze:10Lv

Vandaloo's protection (NEW!)

●Silky Zaccart Mansionクター Mansion Female ?

The world's most open ghost house is still flying. Also known as Emperor's Villa.ザzabeth and Maheria have changed their living environment, but they are doing well.

The entrance to the hidden room where the embム is set to the place where the embム is en。d, and the door that can not be opened and closed when the置gurine is not installed in the designated place, etc. And there are several things that Vandalou himself has not yet found.

Exploring them is one of the fun of Vanderou, and it is the happiness of Silky.

When St. Rokumichi released the magic in Orbaum, he evacuated the neighborhood of the advanced aristocratic family (forcibly).

We are proud of the hospitality of the cursed house flow by 叩buting them into the dresser and wooden boxes that are not used, and握ing them to calm down. The only thing that is calm or solidified was hospitality.

After the incident, he is active as a temporary inn of the friend of Vandalu. In addition, Tadano Nezmi who finished work has crossed. Nezmi should be repelled as a 屋 house, but she doesn’t care if she is a cursed house with an undead ット, etc. ......It is because Tadanos pay attention to sanitary aspects and live in the巣est box properly.

However, recently it seems to memorize the sense of crisis that it will be the embassy of the Vidal Magic Empire of Orbaum. She wants to be a villa in Vanderou, so she must be able to fly and move.

Her effort continues while軋ing the house.

In addition, I was ranked up in theマンション 9マンション apartment after I went to the Ghost House andビック 8 Ghost Bic House ofシル 7 fromシル 6 Hicilkey.

・Name: Silky Zakart Mansion

・T) name:【The villa of the Emperor】(NEW!)

・ ・ ・

・Type:族 apartment

・Level:39

・Passive skills

Special Perception

Stiffness: 4Lv

Mental Pol : 5Lv

Corrosion Resistance: 7Lv(UP!)

Color Inc): 6Lv(UP!)

Power: 5Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Creator: 5Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 6Lv (UP!)

ResistanceLvLv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Spirit:8Lv(UP!)

Boost: 8Lv (UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Housekeeping:6Lv(UP!)

Courtesy Act: 4Lv (UP!)

Cooking Lv(UP!)

Clothing Lv(UP!)

Pillow: 5Lv

Unlock:1Lv

Suri:1Lv

Lash:7Lv(UP!)

Conductor: 4Lv (UP!)

Integration:7Lv

Parallel thinking: 4Lv(UP!)

Horror: 10Lv

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

● Legion : Eプse Dark Moon Legion 4 years old ?

Giant meat balls appearing above orbaum (in  meaning). He showed the top-class grotesque among the magicians in the city, but he is actually the one who protects people.

I reunited with the black curtain, the sixth road, who wrote the dying mus  writing in the past, but it became Gudulanis on the way. However, I was able to see the dead directly.

The ヴェezfor was wrapped in meat, fighting with artificial spirits, etc. In addition, the people of Orbaum who are active in the evacuation of people are feared, loved, and received subtle evaluation.

●Landruff Elf Over 300 Men

The S-class adventurer who finally got the 体ity of Vandaloos. Thanks to the occasional lecturer of the preliminary school who received the request of Meolilis, he faced with Vandaloo to protect Alex, sprinkled with a variety of things, standing on the stage, becoming a wing to fight Gudulanis and his 駒koma, and a scattering eye. I'm not釣り with compensation.

Basically, I said, “I didn’t predict the incidents that occur in carrying out the request,” but I thought I could predict that it would be to fight Gudulanis.

The purification project of the hometown was disguised by the aristocratic and殿d by the aristocratic family and the temple officials who emphasize the profit of the monsters and products that can be collected by the magical precincts.

As a result, Randolph becomes an atheist (not praying to God, not relying) and has lost interest in his activities as an adventurer to lose his purpose.

However, in this case, I evacuated people with high-ranked monsters and evacuated them, and it became a state that was restored publicly.

However, I did not intend to act as an adventurer of the Kingdom of Orbaum, and I clearly stated that the king of Cobites is the Vanderou side. After the work of the preliminary school, I will focus on playing the instrument at the stage of the Kanako.

In addition, when I was transformed into a遊 of Ginyu, I played mainly string instruments such as Luto, but my favorite instrument is a drum.

Vandalou is also regarded as a musician and an artist, and leads to the geography. ...... After that, you will be guided by Vandalu’s necropolis and the miriam. It is an abnormal environment where the conductor is hiding even though it is not myth.

By the way, the magic sword passed from Gwhadghan during the battle with Gwhadulanis is made of the bone of Vanderou (the bone of the King).

●Melilis Elf: 200 years old Female

The former A-class adventurer is the principal of the preliminary school. A person who is not aristocratic, but is said to be more pronounced than a noble.

A little bit of trouble is that there is no necessity in the student, and it is to take the high ranked monsters and the new breed of Vida to the school. In addition, it is strongly supported by some fa、ty members and faced by fa、ty meetings.

The worries of the present day are not the supreme being, but the supremacy of the "Savior" of the "Savior" of the "Savior", the emperor of the Vidal Magic Empire, but do not卒業.

I would like to make a学校loma, but Vandaloo, who eared Orbaum, is going to continue school life using his power, so she was also good.

In addition, it is not suspicious. He is just thinking about what he teaches at the preparatory school of this program, just as he accomplished the greatness beyond the brave Bellwood.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

●Orlox Twiiss Type 590 Male

The ルドld master of Orbaum’s Taymarルドld headquarters. I had just moved to Vandaloos before, but now I’m already in the relationship.

When St. Rokumichi released a magical object in Orbaum, he reopened and abused the title, and allowed him to recognize the boks, kunochen, kuwatoro, yamata and rapiesage that appeared in [transition]. When the Alda Temple returned to it, he said, “It’s a super規ical dinosaur!”

I was going to take responsibility by re ing the incident, but I was encouraged to comfort from Vanderou and stayed in the position of the神ldmaster because the temple was silent.

It’s important to see the magic of Vandalu and Vidal Magic Empires as they are curious. I would like to hear from you.

●Rinhalt Cysalis Male

Before the spring entrance examination of the spring preliminary school held in March of this year, the boy from the cassalis, who became the brother of Paula. He was the younger brother of the Baron family of the weak and poor aristocratic family, or he emphasized that he was a noble family. However, I realized the difference of power with Paulina with non-standard power, so I worshiped her.

This is the same class as Paulina and the sub- er of Paulina Party. The unique skills (at the time of enrollment) did not have, but actually is quite talented. If Paulina is not enrolled, he might have spoken to Alex.

The result of the Sparta-style training received from Pauvina and Vanderou, but actually his strength is high and he has already gained power comparable to C-class adventurers.

By the way, the actual ability of the two years of graduation of the average student of the preparatory school is the same as the veteran D-class adventurer. Weapons and magic skills used in the main are about 4 levels, and they are working on the fourth job.

I am a friend of Leverezfor, who is the suspicion of Pauvina and grows friendship beyond the race. It seems that Rvezfor is still a true figure.

Name: Rhinehard Saisalis

Type: Human

Age: 12

Name: None

Job: Daimama Kenshi

Level: 80

Job history: Warrior Apprentice Warrior Swordsman Magic Swordsman

・Passive skills

Strength Lv

Sword Attack Force: Medium

PathotoxicityLvLv

Psy try Lv

Ability Enhancement: Paulina Lv

Self-reinforcement: LoyaltyLvLv

Ability Enhancement: Lead Lv

・アクティブe skills

Swords: 5Lv

Lv

riding Lv

術Lv

Fighter: 1Lv

Limit: 5Lv

Lv

Dismantling Lv

Singing: 1Lv

Dance: 1Lv

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection

Leverezfor's protection

We will post on March 30th.