Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 382: Preparation for the decisive battle

This time it was also shorter. sorry.

Heartbeat, breathing, it's rhythm.

"Huh!"

You can evade the approaching giant fiery fist, electric shock, and poisonous liquid with every step. It's the rhythm after all.

“[Roaring wind blade storm]!”

And the words that call out to the wind spirit, the storm-like attack magic of countless wind blades, the undead dinosaur-like monster Destroy Kaiser Rex Zombie, which grows horns, emits lightning from its mane, and has acid saliva, and the Blaze Giant Ghost, which has a body of hellfire that even if it has resistance skills and is low level, will be burned to death just by getting close to it, are also rhythms.

『ＧＹＡＯＯＯＯＯＯＯ！』

『ＧＯＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ！』

『ＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＯ！！』

Even now, the group sings a roaring chorus.

"So the fight is music."

"Randolph...didn't the attack from earlier actually hit you directly in the head?"

Meorilith looked at her partner who suddenly started saying something stupid, but she quickly regained consciousness as her opponent was too strong for her to engage in an argument.

The two were training in the S-class dungeon that Vandalieu had created.

Randolph said that there was no suitable enemy, but that was only in the world he knew. In the Vidal Demon Empire, there is an S-class dungeon created by Vandalieu, and a ``Trial of Zakkart'' fixed by Gufadgarn to the Dark Elf country (the people have already turned into Chaos Elves, but the name has not been changed yet).

Among them, the difficulty level of ``Zackart's Trial'' is due to the large number of floors, difficult riddles, and traps, and the monsters are not that strong, so they were thrown into Vandalieu's S-class dungeon.

It's different from Volks and Bone Man, who are dealing with the Familiar King. Vandalieu said, ``First, let's regain our intuition.''

This treatment touched Randolph's pride, but he couldn't say anything because he was aware that his intuition was dull.

Then, after being thrown into the dungeon, I realized this. If training against the Familiar King is harder than this, then it's impossible for me.

『ＧＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯ！！』

The monsters that appear are all monsters that even Randolph, who has defeated countless monsters as an S-class adventurer, has no knowledge of, and what's more, they ignore dungeon theory and come to kill us with all their might.

"No, I'm a little tired, but I'm in great shape."

The monsters that appear are Vandalieu's creations, but they will stop at nothing to defeat the beings that invade the dungeon.

It's already a basic strategy for the dungeon boss and mid-boss to leave the room, run up the stairs, join together, and work together to defeat the intruder through violence in numbers and quality.

Recently, he has started taking treasure from the treasure vault at the back of the dungeon boss's room and building a fake treasure vault in front of the boss's room by stacking rocks and other objects to catch intruders by surprise when they clear the dungeon.

Very cunning and murderous.

Moreover, surprisingly, it turned out that the monster in this dungeon was guided by Vandalieu in this state. Even if the intruder were Vandalieu himself, he would come to kill him without mercy, without mercy, or hesitation.

Apparently, the monsters interpret the fact that they attack the intruder mercilessly as ``This is for Vandalieu, and this is Vandalieu's wish.''

A whip wielded out of love, a murder made out of love.

Now, the undead, raising their fists and baring their fangs at Randolph and Meorilith, are attacking them out of love. Thanks to that love, his intuition had already returned.

"I'll show you the proof."

As soon as Randolph said that, he ran towards the Blaze Giant Ghost... the undead that had become a ghost of the flame giant.

“Wait, you’re so reckless!”

『ＧＹＡＯＯＯＯ！』

Meolilith's voice of restraint was drowned out by the roar of the Destroy Kaiser Rex zombie. The monsters that appear in dungeons fight together to some degree even if they are of different races, but the monsters in this dungeon act as if they have been part of the same team for many years.

The Destroy Kaiser Rex Zombie rained electricity down on Randolph as he approached the Flame Giant Ghost. Randolph is not the one to be hit by such an attack, but he stops to evade it, and the flame giant attacks the gap. That must have been the strategy.

"[Water Maiden's Pillars]"

However, Randolph didn't stop and blocked the electric shock with multiple pillars of water created using spirit magic.

“[Water Maiden’s Roaring Stream]!”

『Ｏｏｏｏ……！！』

Then,操e the pillars of the water, and hit the flame giant ghost. The Deリスidizer Rex Z es that are 慌ry to support the , but the magic of meorilis is coming down.

The 作戦facts were lost because of the gaps that caused the randolphs to fail.

“I’m sure that the tone looks good, but what I’m going to do if I didn’t fit in the moment?”

“I thought I could meet you in front of you.” And it’s good tone.

After the re ement, Randolph was not fighting alone against the underlying magic opponent, and he was away from the fighting law in cooperation with his colleagues.

That’s why he decided to unconsciously remove the option of fighting with his colleagues.

If Schneダー is not fighting with party members, Randolph, who was dull, is not able to fight the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis.

“... I had to make a request when I was active.”

“Oh, it seems that you have come back to me”

“Will you go to the next room? Or do you breathe in front of it?”

When I asked the king of the use of the two people, Landorff and Meolilis shed breath and switched consciousness.

"... First, check the safety of the surroundings before moving."

You need to check back. The enemy of this dungeon is because of those who keep waiting for hours in the shade of the door and stairs."

“No, I’m not going to の.”

“I know, but I don’t have time to rest.”

As soon as I卒業d from this dungeon, I had to focus on the special lessons with the King of Use, Randolph and Meolilis took care of the surrounding safety.

"Yes, I'm pretty good, I'm Bashas!"

"The goddess of rain clouds" Bashas wants to sing and dance ... I want to want to be an idle, because I want to sing and dance. Her purpose is to be the power of the loving Artサー, Vanderou, Miriam and their fellows.

You might be wondering if there is something related to singing and dancing. However, the relationship is large.

In order to make the body with the condition that Bachas gives up to Mari, it is to do his own textbook.

“Is it true? I’m still not used to new dances...”

“I’m okay, because Bachas has strong character! Of course, I’m not more than satisfied with the dance.”

In Gods that are not eligible for the status system, even if you defeat the magic, you will not have an experience value. What they need to be strong is a believer.

If the believer increases, it is possible to know the power of faith and increase the number of people who can give up, and the use and the spirit that descends to the believer.

However, the goddess of rainy clouds, Bashas is a fair presence in the gods, and there are few believers in the Lord of Alcrem. ......There were no large temples of Bachas, and there were small shrines that were enshrined with the temples of Nine Road and other gods.

However, the name of “The Goddess of Rain Clouds” was spreading throughout the world by her participation in Artサーs. Also, by Vandaloo who accepted her transition to the Vida family, the faith of her was spreading in the Vidal Magic Empire.

However, compared to the previous one, there is no change in what is still useful.

"I do my best! I'm so embarrassed and dead!"

That’s why we decided to move. I decided to sing and dance as a means for that.

I can’t do it because Artサー and Vandaloo are fighting. I want to be strong.

The goddess are actually close to the main body, but . . . . . . . .

In the ancient times when Gods were on the ground, God taught them directly. That’s because it’s going to consume a lot of power to land. If it can be solved, it is not possible to stop.

Of course, it is a story if you accept Kanako who runs the stage that will be a place of mari and textile making the reりation.

However, in the case of Bashas, Kanako found her character, and she thought that she would later produce a goddess idols, so she was welcome.

“Is it okay?”

Miriam didn’t have a踏ped stitch. Artサー and the goddess of rain clouds, who gave up the dance, is a long skirt with a long, deep slit, and dances.

But Dalcia, who is a Vida’s body, is singing and dancing in the same costume. As a member of the first term.

However, she is not the Vida himself.

However, Bashas is a spirit that shares memory and personality, which is actually close to the body.

"...Is it okay? It seems to be wrongful"

And as Natanya says, Bashas's identity is obstructed publicly.

Bashas is a descendant of Bashas, the goddess of rain clouds, and it is a family that inherits the name of each other.

Therefore, even if it is similar to the statue of God, it is interpreted by people who say "If it is a descendant, it will be similar."

“I don’t like it, but I don’t have anyone to揉 it.”

As there are almost no bachelors who dedicate bachelors, there are no people whose name is the same as the descendants of bachelors.

“Oh, I’ve been saying that I’m fighting, but I don’t think it’s okay though I don’t have lessons on songs and dance.”

“Oh, that’s right, Natanya and Bashas don’t have any power or power to combat.”

As Miriam said, Bashas is a meteorological goddess, but there is no anecdote about combat.

Bashas, who was a human, was a goddess of wind attributes after the death. That’s why I didn’t experience combat when I was human. There is no taste of martial arts, but the magic was somewhat stuck, but most of the magic was not remembered.

And after becoming God, the gods of the new generation already existed a war god called “God of Lightning Clouds” Fitun, so the faith in combat related was not集 to her.

Because it is a goddess, if you squeezed and descended, it is possible to cause a disaster by storming in a wide range, but it is a crisis of extinction in exchange.

Even if you want to train from now on, you will not have enough time.

"Therefore, it is difficult to become the power of Artサー because there is no English spirit in this way, so I want to collect faith even now."

I see. Goddess also think about it.

"Oh, I will say this thing to the person. ......It’s time to become a true friend after a complex strange course, and I’m en d with a saint.”

“Well, the Holy Trace? It’s a word you don’t hear, but it’s?”

“Yes, it seems to be one of God’s blessings to say to Vandaloo. I don’t know what effect is, but maybe it’s a kind of protection.”

In the world of lambda, it is widely known that God entrusts God to the believer, dispatches the use, and gives app。。. However, it is not very common for saints. Occasionally, "It is a testimony of blessings given by God" and the priest shows the blemishes of the unusual shape in his body, but it is not explained what effect has existed.

However, Nattaya, who saw the face of Miriam, who 気buted his hair, remembered the agar with a phantom of幻ping his sacrifice.

"Oh, I'll be curious."

“Oh, I’m going to meet you again at the end! Once you’re done, I’m going to take a break, and then I’m going to train in a dungeon! Hopefully, I’m going to standby!”

'''

The Kanako 脳ing cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cer

This system was designed to be used to fill the hole of the performer, but since Kunohchen cannot move the part in a distance like Vandalou.

Since they are only rehearsal, they have no problem with the stage where the audience is not well trained.

That’s why Miriam was going to live every day to wear idle and sandals.

And it is not busy for those who are not standing on the stage.

"Oh, Van! Please come out more!"

Tarea was an awkward and squeezed from Vanderou.

!」

』

"Oh, next time I'm going to be too much."

『『『『』』』

"I'm finished to cut the horns, angers and bones."

』

The Vandalu body sips the thread, and it produces and collects the material of the vandalous king, such as blood, horns, tusks, bones and crystals.

"Fしrururururu! Tarea, a little Norma is severe."

The lighter the vandaloo cry, the more the nuanced the nuances of the nuances was strict. However, she doesn’t like her and she’s milking the material from Vanderou.

"I don't have any way to do it. "Because we have to enhance equipment before the battle."

The work of Talea, a samurai, is to make samurai. For that reason, she is devoted to production activities away from the Kanako lesson.

“In other words, you don’t know when the chance of defeating Heinz and Bellwood is coming?”

In other words, it is necessary to rush while there is a time to claim that Vandaloo takes the thread from the tip of the tongue by a thread car.

That’s it.

Next story will be posted on August 14th.