Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 356: Fierce battle continues: Demon King's pawns vs. Demon King's companions

Güdulanis is the ghost of the guardian of [Shaman], and the man-made spirit appeared by passing the magical power in the same way as Vandalu’s [the mythology] and [the mythology].

"Malacoda" of the man-made spirit of flame and death, the figure of the devil with the wing and long tail.

Vepard, a man-made spirit of water and death, a woman with a lower body of fish.

There is no artificial spirit of earth and death, head and肢mb, and it is a huge "thigh" with just a countless eyes.

A man-made spirit of wind and death, "Pazus" of the leopard of the wings on the back.

“Gunosis” is a goddess whose artificial spirit of light and death, white wings, and cheeks laugh like a compassion.

"Gudulanis。dow" which is visible only to the white人dow with a black garment.

I found that all of them have more than 13 ranks. At least, even if the state of the Rvezfor was full, it would be suitable to the opponent in the previous one.

“Go! You’re the people!”

In addition, gudulanis' dead attribute magic is added to the artificial spirits. It will be a pretty strong enemy.

"[The God of Heaven]! Let's pick up, everyone!"

The bellwood that usually stays in the pendant is rushed to the body. When St. Rokumichi was in a healthy state, he was trying to withdraw when he was pulling out, but he decided to continue fighting because he was killed and Edgar revived.

It is not possible to release the magic king Gudulanis, which has been revived and acquired to the status, even if it is Rokudo holy. That’s because it’s not silenced because it’s heard that the soul of Edgar, a fellow, is still prisoned.

“Tに are just like our head!”

Ira is calm and calm. We can only fight against other enemies who are fighting with them. Vandaloo

Dalcia abandoned the honeys and defeated the artificial spirit, and he thought he would like to rely on Gudulanis to Vanderou. It is likely that Gudulanis can use Edgar's skills. So I thought that I should not create a situation that can be linked with others.

But Vandaloo is

】

"【Super responsive!】"

Gudulanis and meatballs have already been released. Gdulanis, which accelerates movement and handles it with the armorcraft of Vandalu, which s。es with [筋ip art], and swings with [術ip art].

“From the great Vandalou, the opponent of Gudulanis is playing, so we are pro、、s with regards to artificial spirit.”

“I’m Vandaloo!” Mr. Gufadghan,。. Well, I'll do my best so that we can run out of Vandaloo soon!

All other than Rvezfor, which is included in the Legion, responded maliciously to the call of Dalcia, and hit the artificial spirits.

At that time, the battle of the monsters, adventurers and knights that appear from the gate is continued. However, they looked at the battles that were naturally done in the sky.

“Well, I’m sure you’re reviving Gudulanis!”

“Well, it’s a big deal! They die!”

The declaration of the resurrection of Gudulanis and the majestic magical power that occurred was resonated in the city of Orbaum. For this reason, some of the Knights who were surprised by the resurrection of the Devil and remembered despair lost the war.

Perhaps Gudulanis宣言d his own resurrection to make people lose their fights.

"Nおo! I'm satisfactory! I'll do it soon!"

“Want to wait! There are people who rush to the knees, and you may not be able to move them injured! It’s ahead of evacuating them!”

However, there were people who want to increase their despair against the revival of Gudulanis. Godwin and Bokes that shine the eyes, but they want to do so, but they prefer the rescue activities.

"I! It's there! It's an injured person!? It's an adult! "

"Hai!? I'm still fighting, so I'm taking an account!"

They 震ed up and re剣ed the sword again and returned to the fight against the monster.

“Well, you have to rely on Heinz and Edgar!

Heinz’s friend, the adventurer party, saw Edgar to be killed in a black人dow that was Gduranis.

They don’t see the soul, but they don’t hear the voices other than the declaration of resurrection. It’s just that Waiburn becomes a  , the Legion is huge, and it’s clear.

That’s why they宣言d Gudulanis “revived” just after Edgar was killed. After that, I don’t know exactly how to blow up from the head of Edgar with something that Vandalou released. Perhaps Vandaloo aimed at Gudulanis, but Gudulanis shielded the deceased of Edgar to prevent the attack.

That’s why I’ve been fighting with the monsters that don’t go wrong with the dungeons where people are evacuating with Sele  while burning my friend, Edgar’s death.

They don’t know that the resurrection of Gudulanis is Rodo Corte. I don’t know the name of Rodo Corte.

"I don't know what's happening, but I'm sure Gudulanis has revived!? Maybe because of Rodo Corte!"

The name of the rodocollete is very loud, and the sword is squeezed in a series of swords to the magic while振ing the heat valve to the person who stops himself.

“The sixth road was not the sixth road I know, but it’s expensive! So, if you’ve done it, it’s not the fault of the Rodo Corte that worked with him!”



Not a huge skull ......, but a 骨 that the bone has changed to minerals is squeezed by the ske  of fossil goム.

“T ’s it! We have to try to draw on the six roads that we took to Gudulanis! That’s because we’re a fellow, and we’re the last thing we can do with them!”

However, the eyes of those who have been訴えing the cedar were tired, and the mouth was laughed.

“I’m sorry, but I can’t do it if possible.”

"Yes, I'm not a time!" The   of the masters

"Woun, Woun"

Simon and Natana, and Fang who became Kerberos from Ortros.

They ran around the world to evacuate people, and they ran around the world.

Simon rides on a fang and Natana has changed his limbs and tragedy.

And he continues to fight against monsters while watching the asagi encountered by accident. I was whispered by the s ptor, but I didn’t want to go there.

“...Let’s take a little bit of it.”

The irritation of Natana is slightly higher.

Nattaya The two other than this brother still know the story. Isn’t it going to be three-to-three?

As Simon said, he did not have to stop asagi. Tatsuya Tendou, a friend of Asagi, and Ifreta’s ginger ginger, also opposed him to participate in the fight against Gudulanis.

“I understand my feelings, but if I was a coworker of the past, it’s better because there’s a canako anymore. That’s because Vandaloo is a companion in the previous way.”

"In addition, even if we go, it is not possible to become a dinosaur."

“I don’t admit that woman as a companion! It’s because I got into Vanderou...!”

Asagi, who is resenting that he has been backed by "Origin" in Kanako, has not been ex ded by her name. However, I was killed from the other side of the gate.

On the other side of the gate, Vandalu’s use magical king continues to fight against the magical opponents. It seems that even though it is usually seen in the big eye, it is killing now, it seems to have been emphasized.

In addition, I will in能t that I started thinking about things that are noisy to Simon, who was Yutaka Natanya, “If you want to get匠 of the master’s hand, do you think about it now?”

“It’s the power of us now, and it’s hard to join that fight.” I know

Asagi is said, it turns to the sky. Vanderlus and Gudulanis are fighting the flounder, and the battle between Dalcia and the Artificial Spirits has been expanded.

The speed is amazing, and the magic that is put in the magic that jumps is powerful, and the blades, skulls, tails, and the tactile destructive force is。.

If the battle is held on the ground, it is not the same that it was blown away without leaving。ble in the extra wave of the attack. The city of Orbaum was a wilderness with only the entrance of the dungeon.

Only one of the top talents of the A-class adventurers can intervene in the fight. Asagiri is the same as a six-way or canako, but he has no power to do so.

It was because he was devoted to working with the research to envelop the Witch King, and they had a Dungeon under B in the Duke of Billyt.

In just a few years, Asagiri people who have gained more than B-class adventurers are deserve to be the overwhelming growth rate compared to other adventurers. However, if you join the battle like the reproduction of the mythology era in the sky, you will be able to return to the myths of Lodo Corte with only a soul.

“But if I’m a maker, I’ll be able to enclose the magic of Gudulanis!”

"It's right, but at the same time Vandalu's magic is also enclosed. And now, it seems to be far from the back, but "The Wickness of the Maze" Gwhadghan's spatial attribute magic is also enclosed"

“In addition, it should not be very effective for the spirit-like magic that Gudulanis has developed. Asagiri, did you forget that you can’t enclose your own ability?

The cedar claims the usefulness of hisー skills, but it was neglected to theウ and ginger.

Vanderouts don’t think of his t s incorporating his [Magemasher], even though he thinks he’s a companion.

And only Attribute Magic is enclosed. For this reason, it was indispensable for flames and waters of ブレ brains and artificial spirits.

If such a cedar enters the battlefield, it can only be a result of cheering the gudulanis with a mess. ......In that case, it will be supreme by someone of Vandaloo's fellow.

“Now, if you are a magic item in the middle of an experiment that is forced to separate and sealed from the host who is parasitic to the Mama King ...!”

“It’s right!? You don’t know if it works for the revived Gudulanis!? What should you do if it only works for Vanderou?”

“I don’t go out! I don’t have it right now!”

【De。 of the King】 is the body of Gudulanis, which was rose. For this reason, the original scent of Gudulanis is not a missing piece, but the king's own body. For this reason, the effect of the item being studied by Asagiri people who "force separation from the donor" is not effective.

The revival of Gudulanis is an irregular situation.

“Is that true? Can you be devoted to those who are deprived of magic?”

「.........」

Asagi, who received a strong influence of two friends, was still astringent, but it was nodded to the word of Simon.

The big voice of the Asagiri sounded in the city where the building collapsed, and the name of Rodo Corte and the claim that he is the ex。ation of the revival of Gudulanis were transmitted to the adventurers of Orbaum.

In response to the unprecedented crisis that Gudulanis revived, they had a confusion, fear, and a question of “?」!?” The information that answered it was truly unclear, but quickly penetrated.

If this is a rumor that “Horaijin” Alda, which is widely believed in the Kingdom of Orbaum, or the S-class adventurer party “five-colored blade”, which is the main character of the country, there were many people who did not hear.

However, there was no rebellion if the god of the name that I had never heard of Rodo Corte was the cause. On the other hand, there were many rumors that the king revived because of the real or suspicious God.

“What’s it? Is the Resurrection of the Devil’s Resurrection?”

However, there were people who know the name of Rodo Corte in addition to Vandaloo.

“What!? Do you know about the God of Lodo Corte? Hendriksen?”

It is Hendriksen who is a candidate that is raised by the gods of the Alda family. He has been instructed to pray to Rodo Corte by the God who originally believes.

It was aimed at acquiring Rodo Corte's defense to the candidates of the program and promoting their growth.

“I know... God’s name that was encouraged to believe in God’s commitment.” At first I was suspicious, but my friend who got God’s app   received the same instruction by God’s service.

“I know you too! It’s not just that, I’m also taking care of it! Even now, there’s an app   to the status... That’s why God called Rod Corte is the cause of the resurrection of the Devil...”

The candidates other than Hendriksen were conf  about Rodo Corte. You can also interpret the contents of the God Deposit if you are only God Deposit. However, if the status is indicated as [Advantage of Lodo Corte], everyone is convinced that the existence of God called Lodo Corte is sure.

God’s protection that does not exist should not appear in the status.

“Well, God who believes is the cause of the revival of the Devil!”

“What’s wrong? Do you think you’re a ルドld card? Let’s show you what God’s protection is really?”

“Oh, stop! I don’t know anything! It’s true!”

“I’m not aware of anything when I’ve got it covered!”

If you are pregnant, there are many adventurers who are not enthusiastic about God’s faith. However, because there was a lot of candidates around Hendriksen, the disbelief to God creates puzzles and confusions, and it turned into a。 and irritation.

The evacuation of people has ended and the frequency of the appearance of the monster fell, and the confusion is also encouraged.

“Well, God! Elk! What do you think? Let me answer!”

“Where are you doing that?”

Heared the voice of Hendriksen, who shouted so much of the confusion and disbelief, and the high scolding of Miriam 響ed.

“Well, that’s what you’re doing... you’ve revived!?”

There was a person who shouted reflexibly to her scolding, but Miriam continued to scold without a。king.

"Yes, the king has revived. Home ? It's a crisis in the world!? If you're揉ing at that time?

Now, there are people who are fighting with the magical king!

That said, I saw the direction that Miriam pointed to, and Hendriksen, too. There is a huge  , bone giant   (?), fl , etc., but there are those who are fighting with the king of the magic.

"I think it is not a bad thing to have a doubt with God." I have asked God again and again.

In order for Hendriksen to become panic, Miriam, who left the magical re治ement to the Art s, gave him a voice to calm them.

I met Artサーs and became a member of Vandaloo and got the app。。. The behavior of Vandaloo, which is unbelievable, is surprisingly nothing to think about, or to be left. Gwhadghan does not leave behind it.

Dalcia of Vida, who admits the claim of Canako, whose adorable song and dance are saints. It is a little thought that it is not only a wiburn that is thinking of myself as a   in the phydig of the speech that is too familiar.

Myriam’s動s are filled with questions: “What is it?”

“However, even if the answer to the question is, even if God commits a mistake, you should do what you think is right! Is it different?”

I am still working on Vandaloo’s strategy. However, because I thought it was right at my head, Miriam shaked the heat valve.

The Milliam, Hendriksens, interpreted as "the owner of the personality that has continued to have his own thoughts, even if he believes God, does not delusive.

You say. It is not the case of a discussion.

"I'm so embarrassed, I'm trying to hit my ツs and go back to me."

From the faces of Hendriksen, the blindness disappears, and the glow of the will that is appropriate to be referred to as the candidates of the tree appears on your eyes.

“What is Lodcorte, what happened to God, asking it, and then entrusting it to the temple.”

“Oh, I’m going! I’m going to go to the support of the Devil, and I’m going to retire it!”

Thus, the suspicion of the gods of Hendriksen was shelves, but the name of Rodo Corte was strongly en d in them.

Edgar’s missing “five-colored blade” is next to the flame and death of the artificial spirit of malakoda, and the artificial spirit of land and death, “told” is destroyed by darcia and region, and Aila.

Instead of having no other ability to attack, he had the ability to give all the countless eye to different conditional abnormalities. However, Ira is an undead which has the skills and does not mean poison or disease. In the same way, Dalcia has a [Conditional Aberration Resistance] skill, and Dalcia has a high level of life attribute magic.

"Hhahaha! It is meaningless such as silica!"

“Ohahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

“I don’t know what it’s, but I don’t get laughed!”

Then Legion overcomes the conditional abnormality by means of repeating the meat of the part where the conditional abnormality was received by himself and playing at high speed. ...... I had the effect of the maze that crazy people who captured visually, but it was not very meaningful because it was originally crazy.

"It's all! Go, everyone! "

“Let’s go!”

In the head of Dalcia and Aila, heading to defeat other artificial spirits, the malakoda fighting "five-colored blades" was not counted.

On the other hand, Randolph suffered from the wind and death of the artificial spirit, Pazs.

』

"The person who re。ed is a tight opponent. I had to come to Meolilis

Pazsu jumps freely vertically and horizontally and repeats the attack from the dead angle of the Randolph while contaminating the atmosphere.

Because Randolph is a super-human who has reached the S-class adventurer, it is equipped with a magic item to prevent poison and illness. However, the poison and disease that Pazus releases is わed and he  ed.

(Is it stronger than tolerance skills?) You can cure yourself with your own magic, but you can do it! However, you don’t have to defeat it separately. If Vandalou defeats Gudulanis, or if the companion of the person defeats the other artificial spirits, it is better to bring it until it comes to support.

Randolph quickly confirmed the situation of the battlefield while fighting with Pazs.

Gudulanis dow rushed down to the darcia who defeated the thigh. Kanako, who was far away, was suffering from Vepard, but Kunochen and Pete are heading towards the  . Pauvina has repeated the attack ofシスos and vanishing, but when the new [transition gate] opens, the cheers appeared two or two. The appearance is quite unique, but it seems to be a companion.

And Vandaloo and Gudulanis are playing a 戦endous battle that seems to be dead by attacking Randolph.

The "five-colored blades" are also fighting, but they will go to Gudulanis even if they defeat the malakoda, so they can't expect from the beginning.

Nobody wants to help me. Even if I'm expecting as a S-class adventurer... I'm not a Schneダー who is defeating the evil gods and をs)

In the sense of Randolph, the artificial spirit is stronger than the 龍s and evil gods.

It is not only the influence of the ability of the guardians of [Shaman] and the magic of Guduranis. Perhaps you have taken the same steps as creating magic when you make an artificial spirit. In this influence, the souls from the magical wheel reincarnation system dwell and got a status. I have received a correction of my skills.

One of the factors that Randolph has suffered from re。ing the adventurer and not fighting with his or her own talents.

When a small [transition gate] opens in front of such a ranch, a fine sword came out from there.

“What’s it?”

It is not a tip, but a point from the handle, so if you take a反射 in reflection, the voice was heard from anywhere.

"The Great Vanderlus"

“This voice is Guphadoghan? ...... I want to use it.

The swords made of something boneless rather than metal, were placed on the swords of a pattern that is familiar to the hand, so Randolph was able to hold in the fight against Pazs.

「【】 Shooting! Levez!」

』

On the other hand, Paulina was str ling withシスシス. Pine flies and Powvina to the artificial spirit of light and death, and Rvezfor releases the ブレent brain.

"Fuffffff"

However,シスシス is going to get out of the attack that should have been in life and emits light.

"Aaaaaa!!"

』

The supremacy of the supremacy of the supremacy of the hydrangea, who transplants the upper body of the beauty on the neck of the hydrangea, and the fist and tail of the z。e lapiesage made by crossing multiple dead bodies play the rays.

"Fuffffff"

"A laughing voice that is light and bad ... I eat it!

It is a irritatingヴェezfor, but now he has become a moving cannon that vomits the [breath of the torrent] to the direction of Pauvina.

That’s not the way to work. Originally, he was not a type to move quickly, and he was unfamiliar with aerial battle. It is a type that exhibits true value in water than the sky.

“Well, it’s surprisingly fast!”

“I ran away from the light.”

'''

"I have escaped... I have avoided it!"

It was a ヴェezfor that I felt a bit bigger because of the appearance of the  , but it was not enough to take a big attitude to the senior Lapiesage and Yamata.

However, I noticed that I was told. I think I’m doing it quickly.

(What is it? The body is lighter than when it was sealed? Even though it is damaged, the status while sealed is still valid, and the [fast flight] skill is demonstrated?

That’s it...Is it?

At the moment I thought, the pillars of black light rise from the earth, and I sw。ed the giant of Rvezfor.

』

And the voice of Vandaloo sounding behind the brain.

"I'm sorry! I'm back! I'm a  !"

[Usage descent] A surprising and a喜びaction of pleasure that the skill has triggered, and the repentance that covers it, I screamed.

“Oh, I said that. Fiddilg can be defeated and don’t mind it.

However, Vandaloo is not able to understand whether the ヴェlvesfor is disliked, so it will not be canceled.

“You are you! It is a proof that God and you are the subdivided to be a subdivided God that you are willing to power down to your body!”

That is, it is only a pride problem. However, the 、, God, the Royal, and the Crime Organization are common. Don't let it go.

“Rvezfor... I am human.”

"It's not there! I'm proud that it's "Omagari King"! If it's not, it's something that you can't get hurt! "

“Why don’t you think in the direction of making facets active in battle?”

“...T』! That’s the most!”

Rvezfor, who has increased his ability in [Musage], immediately saw the reason why he had not attackedノーos before. Now he became stronger than himself before being sealed.

“Rvez!”

The long tail in front of theシスos is flashed when it comes out before the pauvina and pine.

"Your body is there!"

notシス, but towards his back.

』

Screaming from a place that was supposed to be nothing, and the s。ical body with a顔epy face was blown away by the tail of Rvezfor. At the same time, the figure like a goddess who made white wings disappears like a phantom.

The body of the artificial spirit of light and death is floated to the tail of the rivesfor.シスos ed the image of light refractively from the safety zone.

“It’s a 、、!”

Pauvina goes to the body of弾os, which is flickered and crouched while complimenting Rvez.シスシス was a giant of about 5 meters in diameter, but the size of it was a problem.

"【Rumble-bombed sword shot】!"

Tornado, Punch!

Pauvina's skull shot from the right side of the main body ofノーosis is a high-speed spinning fist from the left side.シスos is not able to withstand it, and it is crushed and turned off as a particle of light.

Today, I will update the comical version of my work by Kenyo Kojima! I hope you can see it by comicwalker or Niconico Shizutsu.

Next story will be posted on January 29th.