Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 390: Countless hands worshiping when they don't have enough hands

"yeah? Is this place... empty? ”

When he suddenly regained consciousness, he noticed a cloud floating below him and tilted his head.

I was supposed to be on the ground, but why am I floating so high in the sky that I can look down on a sea of ​​clouds? I don't remember anything at all.

His name is ``Hidden God'' Wisewarn. He is a subordinate god of Zurwan, the ``God of Space and Creation,'' and is a god who rules over hidden...places that are hidden and invisible.

Its appearance has the head of a cat, the wings of an owl, and the body of a gecko with the long tail of a snake. It is a strange form befitting a subordinate god of Zurvan, who takes the form of a four-headed lion.

However, he is undoubtedly the god of the Lambda world. And, he is a god who joined the Vida faction according to the instructions Zurwarn left behind before he fell asleep.

During the battle against the Demon King's army, he greatly helped the Hero's army by using the hidden rooms and passages he controlled. However, in the subsequent battle with Alda, his abilities were known, and the light-attribute gods saw through him and drove him away, whereupon he was sealed away.

“Yes, I should have been sealed. Why is it empty? Why was the seal broken? ”

If he was rescued after being sealed, why was he in the sky, far away from the battlefield on the ground? And where did the being who broke the seal go? I had doubts about that, but I had no idea. However, I don't have the luxury of thinking about it for too long.

This is the lower world, and Wisewarn is still descending, so energy is being consumed.

But where should I go?

(If I had to guess what happened, after I was sealed, I was captured by Alda or someone like him. Then, for some reason, the seal was broken, and as a result, I am here. If that's the case, then it would be suicidal to return to the divine precincts, where the existence that controlled my seal...Alda's forces would be in control.

But for some reason, there are signs of that Guduranis in several places on the ground...Is it not just us, but the seal of Guduranis has also been broken? )

Wisewarn and other gods do not have the ability like a radar to accurately determine the location of the same gods or the evil gods of the Demon King's army. Therefore, you won't know where the hidden god is until you discover it. Therefore, over 100,000 years ago, they did not notice Guduranis, who invaded under the cover of monsters to kill Zakkart and the other production heroes.

That was also the reason why the evil gods of the remnants of the Demon King's army were able to remain hidden until Alda and Bellwood discovered their location.

However, he is not so insensitive that he does not notice the large flow of magical power.

Now, the gods of the Vida faction and the evil gods of the remnants of the Demon King's army, who have been implanted with the soul of Guduranis by Alda, continue to consume a huge amount of power because they are forced to descend. Furthermore, he was in a state of rampaging with all his might, screaming and going crazy.

With such a big fuss, it's only natural that people would notice their existence if they weren't going crazy as well.

``This presence... Lord Zantark's presence has ceased. There was no sign of Farmaun anymore, but... did Rafaz defeat him? I can sense Vida-sama's presence...even though it seems to be coming through people. It is far away from any powerful presence similar to Guduranis. Let's head there first to understand the situation.''

Wisewarn distanced himself from the powerful presence that resembled Guduranis and hurried towards Vida's presence. I didn't realize that someone had extracted the soul fragment that was parasitic on me.

In Nineland, the capital of the Hartner Duchy, a fierce three-way battle between the gods was unfolding.

Nine Land suffered a tragedy about six years ago when the castle collapsed and treasures were stolen from the treasure house, but in recent years it has been recovering somehow.

However, when a powerful being beyond human comprehension appeared from beyond the sky, many people instinctively knew that this was the end.

“GYUOOOO! A nest of lower creatures! First, let's kill all the living things around here! First of all, it's you! ”

Gidragudora, the ``Deity of Murderous Evil'', a large cadre of the Demon King's army who looks like a crustacean with countless legs that end in scissors or claws, attacks the strange god that appears next to him.

『ＢＯＯＯＯＯＯ！？　ＢＵＲＯＲＯＲＯＲＯ！？』

At first glance, the god looked like a giant cloud with an eerie shape. However, when it was attacked by Gidragdra, it revealed its true identity while letting out a strange scream.

Other than its huge mouth, Basbaluryu, the evil god of ruined clouds and demonic rain, is made entirely of gray clouds that are almost black, with only tentacles that have changed the shape of its body. He seemed to blame Gidragdra, asking why he would attack him since he was supposed to be a member of the Demon King's army.

“Why! ? You think there's a reason to kill someone! ? Can't we even attack each other without a reason? ? We, the Demon King's army, don't need such a weak being! That's why this isn't a mutual fight! ”

Unfortunately, however, Gidragdra is the ``evil god of murder''. He is a mad god that exists not on the prayers of his believers, but on the grief and fear of the beings he has killed and those who fear being killed by him.

Despite being a major leader in the Demon King's army, his madness, which even Guduranis found difficult to handle, was accelerated by the implantation of a piece of Guduranis's soul.

『ＨＯＯＯＯ！』

Basbaruryu ran away from Gidoragudra's attack while screaming, but he probably decided that he wasn't going to be able to continue as it was, so he tried to go on the offensive. In order to regain its balance, it tries to distance itself from Gidragdra by making rain fall from its body made of clouds.

“Shut up, remnants of the Demon King’s army! ”

However, the giant who cried out blew away the rain of Basbaluryu before it could hit the ground.

Seeing a beautiful and dignified figure wearing crystal armor that reflects sunlight, the people on the ground expected the god of salvation sent by Alda to appear, but of course they were wrong.

“I forgive you, myself, Alda, Bellwood, the Nine Lords, Farmaun, and anyone who prays to them! I will crush you! ”

However, the declaration filled with anger and hatred made me realize that this was a wrong assumption.

Her name is "Crystal Giant" Nadia. A true giant of the Vida faction who was defeated in the battle between Vida and Alda and sealed away.

“That crystal looks familiar! I was probably the one who killed the ``Crystal Giant'' before you! I'll test it out to see if you're worth killing! ”

『ＢＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯ！』

“The enemy of my ancestors! Don't die! ”

The three gods collided, and the impact reached the ground, causing people to duck down to avoid falling, and the temple's stained glass was shattered.

And then, insects, rats, snakes, and lizards crawled out from the back alleys and the shadows, countless crows flew in the sky, and people screamed.

"Is this where you're going next?"

``I never thought you'd come again.''

Those familiar demon kings who disguised themselves as small animals...murmured, and gathered together to form one gigantic group...and then merged into a spherical shape made by kneading together countless large and small arms.

"Since it seems like they're going to misunderstand my political intentions, let's defeat him quickly. According to Ricklent, it seems like he still has a long way to go."

Vandalieu was growing in the center of that ball.

However, like the other demigods, he was several hundred meters in the air, much higher than the castle's spire, so the people on the ground did not notice Vandalieu's appearance.

"Oh, it's over...we're all going to die..."

"Why! Why do four of those things appear above our heads?"

Because it was a city with ties to Vandalieu and a duchy bordering the Boundary Mountain Range, it attracted the attention of Alda... but there was no way people could understand that.

(We are currently explaining things to Katie and Lucas' representatives, so things will work out.)

And Vandalieu had no intention of responding any more politely to the people of the Ninelands, who could not be said to have bad feelings at the moment, but he could not say that he was friendly with them.

“This presence is Guduranis-sama! ? No, that's not it! ? ”

『ＢＯＯＯＯ！？』

At the appearance of Vandalieu, who emits a presence similar to Guduranis, the two evil gods that were sealed away when he was alive stop moving and express their confusion.

"[World-piercing hollow cannon]"

Among the two pillars, which were filled with gaps, Vandalieu's black ray of light, the [World-Destroying Void Cannon], pierced through the ``evil god of ruined clouds and demonic rain'', Basbaluryu.

『ＢＲＯＯＯＯＯＯＯｏｏｏｏｏ……』

It was a bus baru that had been strong in physical attack because the body was made of clouds, but there was no one who 魂ed the soul by Vanderou.

“I was able to achieve one of the purposes I came here safely.”

The reason why Vandalou came to the Duchess of Hartner was to destroy the bus valu.

In the fight against the dyna  army, Busbaru was one of the pillars under the distribution of "the evil god of the curse". He is a suspicious wicked God who drew the condensed liquid into the rain, instantly s。ing the earth and depriving the survivors of the people.

If you left the bus valu, Nineland will soon become a magical place and it will be a difficult environment for ordinary people to live.

[The Appetite of the Magic King]

And it seems that Alda was embedded in the bus valu. Do you embed your appetite to the wicked God with a body made of clouds? I think that it is a combination that can not demonstrate both the energy of the bus valuus, as well as the ecology of the bus valuus.

(Now, if Alda and Busbaru power up and double the magical precincts in a short time, do you have a deliberately embedded a bad fragment that is right to me? No, how can you do it?)

Considering such a thing, I will focus on Gidra Gdra and Nadia. At the same time, Vandaloo was attacked from two pillars.

"I'm sure! Well, I'm a bus baru! This is my prey! I don't have to do it, I'll try to beat it! "

“Oh, I’m going to be quiet when I’m trying to kill because it’s difficult to understand.”

"Death, Gudulanismodokime!"

“No, I live.” You

Play the scissors that the gidra gondola repeatedly, try to break the joints and hit the counter.

Take the sword that Nadia shakes with his arms, stretch the other arms, release the junction, and try to tangle her肢mb and restrain.

And then, the cracks of the crystals scattered, and the magic that Gidlagdra occasionally releases to the city, stretching his arms and preventing them.

“It’s exactly what you don’t have enough hands.”

Another reason why Vandalou came here is to help Nadia sprinkling the crystal swords in the  endous moment. Nadia, a true giant, does not consume enormous energy just by acting on the ground, unlike Lusemagella.

However, in front of Vandalu, who looked through the eyes of the demons, Nadia struggled with the wicked God that embedded the deficit of the soul of Gudulanis, just like you.

Nadia is returned. She is just one of the true giants, but the opponent is the "devil of killing" which was the main part of the Mao army. She has no way to win.

In addition, it was also large that there was not a fight force other than the witch King used in Nineland.

(Oh, I didn’t think that Alda had three pillars here, but I didn’t want to release the evil gods of the Mao army.)

The Duke of Hartner follows the boundary, but it is not possible to cross the boundary directly, and the position of the tunnel is already understood.

And only one of the katy of the rebirth is the strong presence of Vandaloo in Nineland.

It was not assumed that Vandaloo would come to this place.

“G! G! Kkukuku! It seems that you know the pleasure to take life!”

Vandaloo is a guidra that plays a countless [the arm of the magical king] stretched by a shear, pier。s and cuts, but Vandaloo produces a spine before it is played with a shear, and if it is stinged, make a wound with [the jaw of the magical king] and crush the shear.

In addition, at the same time, I released [Cannon] and [Cannon], and I opened a hole in the body of Gidragudra several times.

“I don’t say that I don’t know it because I’ve come up with the opponent I defeated.”

However, it is not that it is made by Gidra Gudra.

"I'm sorry! I'm not attacking me, Gudura Nismodoki! I want to say that I'm not an enemy!"

Because the resistance of Nadia is more intense than I expected, it is because it does not release a great technique.

The power of "Cr、al Giant" Nadia itself is a few steps below the Brateo of the former war. Is it more than the "thundering giant" of his son?

』

However, the rampage was na . When Vandalou grabs her legs with her arms, she tries to remove her arms from restraint without hesitation.

“No, I’m not an enemy, so I’m suffering so far.”

I can't do it, so I can't wait to release my hand.

If you are an enemy, you can wait for self-extingui , but you can not restrain because it is not possible to be self-extingui  to those who are trying to help.

"If I'm killing me!? It's good to kill!"

In addition, Gidlagdra is not only Vandalou but also Nadia is aiming at the same time, so it is more troublesome.

......And at the same time, it is necessary to avoid damage to Nineland people. In other words, it is still in the war to the gods of Alda, whose mission is to be a part of the world.

The magical power of the recovery is consumed immediately by 魂ing the soul that disappears so that the sweet melts like the cotton confectionery of the bus valu.

It is not enough to say honestly. I would like to look forward to the supporters, but Fidilg, Zozogante, and Randolph came to Pauvina.

In Nineland, Knights and Adventurers attack the evil Gods of the Three Pillars in the sky... Katei and the writers of the castle who heard the right situation have stopped desperately.

"Ahihihihihihi! Both kill!"

“If you are shy about us, you’ll feel like it! We’re proud of our lives and we’ll beat you in this place!”

“...Let’s stop again.”

Vandaloo, which was determined to be the limit, released the daemons that were waiting for the world in the body.

"Hハ! It's a command from the great Vandalu! Let's keep dead!"

“We protect people who crawl the earth!”

They don’t have enough power to operate as their main fighting force, so they were waiting for the world in the body. However, the number exceeds 1,000.

If you want to protect the city from the cracks of crystals and crusts, you can do it. Until now, I did not see the possibility that the human on the ground falls into panic, but it is not a condition that can be done anymore.

“What’s it? Where is this daemon?”

"It's a human who doesn't crawl the earth! What?"

“If you’re here, you’ll be able to protect humanity! Come and human!”

“Well, you are!”

The adventurers flying the sky with magecraft trying to attack the evil gods of the three pillars 暴ed by the deceased quest.

“I don’t have enough hands? What should I do with my hands on the earth?

In other words, a large scissor is sprinkled like a hammer.

"No, I'll be on my feet."

However, Vandaloo took it with a single arm. And the scissors were largely played and the guidra gudra collapsed the body.

』

Vandalue's arms are born, and the scissors of Gidlagdra have been bounced by the elasticity of the ball.

』

At that moment, Nadia tries to pierce the skewers with a crystal sword of the guidra per vandaloo. Vandaloo received it. Deeply pierced crystal sword, スed doce black blood.

』

However, it was Nadia who screamed. She is not just a returning blood. There are a lot of things dyed with [Mao's mucus] of high viscosity which was wetted with [Mao's ink bag].

A new dow. Nineland people despaired this time.

『ＫＵＯＯＯ！』

"Rafaz, did you come?"

However, the one who appeared was the ``Beast King of Birds'', Rafaz, who was still a member of Vida's faction, although his appearance had become a little more sinister due to the influence of merging with an evil god.

『ＫＵＯＯＯＯ！』

Rafas 羽ed on the spot and 勢ed the guidra gudra with a shock wave and wind blade, and squeezed the auve that had been sucked into Vanderou.

"Nice Pass". Then, I will dissolve the seal in this place to say two days later."

And Vandaloo broke out the seals made by Pharman Gord and chewed the 片 of the souls of Gudulanis embedded in the “God of Jitis” Dermatak.

[The Wick of the King]

“Well, how did you do it?”

Then, dharmaterk is sw、ed into the world in the body and sealed again.王 the continent of the King, there is no suspicion area near Nineland.

“You are you! We will kill you now!”

“I don’t have to pay any extra attention to it!”

And the freed pharmamown will be in the moment, and will be slashed into the gidoragdra. In the meantime, Vandaloo followed the dマat and followed Nadia.

[Revenge mind of the King of the Devil]

Apologies, but no results were found for the requested archive. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

......

Move the nadia that lost the naked power while applying mucus.

"Let's rent a hand"

Then, throw the "the arm of the king" which was moderately thousand cut towards the Gidagondra.

"Tィ! Is it a腕loding arm?!"

Do not look at it. And as his expectation, [the arm of the King] was。loded, but it was red and black fog.

"What!? ... Gaiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Vandalou transformed [the arm of the Devil] into a meaty microorganism that神s God. It enters from the wounds of the gidagondra, which had already become full-body wounds, and slowly, but reliably greedy to his desire.

The pharmown and rafaz, who knew the things of [greed blood], have been conscious of being eaten by myself, but there was no pain.

"...? Didn't it be a discri】 attack?"

In order to ignore the harmown, the red black fog is directed to Gidragudra.

"It is now possible to control"

It is also part of Vandalu. In other words, [greed blood] is he, he is [greed blood].

And with the power of [Peel R。] job that brings in。ious disease, Vandaloo was successfully controlling [Combed Blood].

"Thank you for coming to help, Farmown, Rafas." Please bring your Dermatak to a safe place. Or can I still do it?

After stinging down the corner of the King, Vandaloo asked two pillars.

“... I’m still in a place, but I don’t go through the muscles that I’m working as a vida rather than a power issue.”

On the other hand, Farmown asked him to understand his own thoughts when he was active in the human society, leaving the roots in the future.

Please wait in the sanctuary of Borgadon. If there is a place where the hand is not enough, I think that it will take a voice."

However, Vandaloo, who wants cats, reflected his opinion.

』

"Raffaz is a good idea for you." If you have enough time to think about the things after the process, you can move quickly. I want to say "It is an emergency time."

“Oh, it’s right...”

“I understand the situation that your followers are mainly adventurous and have no other than those who believe in Alda or Bellwood as a fellow, and that they were not able to state their opinions under Godment.”

In addition, Vandaloo continued to care for astringent farmown.

Farmown, who is influenced by Alda forces in human society, has to make God entrusted to the believers of human society in order to convince the believers that they have moved to Vida.

However, in order to carry the edges, carry the stamp as a guardian and pray casually. Because there is a large number of believers that are not so thick, there was no one who can receive even if he was entrusted.

In addition, Farmown was actively trying to spread things that I had moved to Vida. I didn't know what kind of face I'd like to say, "I'm going to Vida"

"But I ask it, so please bear the shyness and borrow the power."

I understand it, but Vandalou prayed to the harmaun with all the vacant arms.

"...I'm so worshiped, can I do it? However, I'm waiting in the sanctuary of "The God of the Mountain"

It is not possible to pray for God. Rafas sang small as he said, “Yatka”.

“I go to another place!”

The Vandalu body was put in the world of nadia in a state of dissipation with mucus coating, and the daemons that were deployed were collected and returned to the countless demons.

"The King of the Devil's Spirit"

Next story will be posted on October 8th.

Comicwalker and Niconico Still Image have been updated! Enjoy Talea's half-life.

On October 15th, I will release my 7 volumes!