Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 360: The stake being swung down and Orbaum after the war

I don't know that it's slower

You can taste the living hell that can not be distracted too much of a severe pain, even God who does not have a physical body. Rodocolte, who proved it with herself, was not able to   up yet, and I thought it was broken down.

In addition to the six-way saint, the 痛ent pain that was eaten at once, the soul of the seven reincarnations, was struck by Lodo Corte.

(Gudulanis was eventually eaten by Vanderou.) What should I say?)

It is that it was not delivered to Gudulanis by thinking of the danger that he is attacked, and the seal that is managed by himself.

It’s a street where you can forget the heat. However, in fact, it was a valuable presence in the sense that Gduranis could defeat Vanderou. [The魂 of the soul] is, but the absorbed six-way holy and crazy ghosts, and the status of Edgar. In addition, the body is composed of [the missing of the King]. There was a problem, but it was true that they were able to demonstrate their power.

It is difficult even if you think of the same power. It is not only the soul of the rebirth. It seems to be about the 片 of the King.

The kingdom of Orbaum was almost absorbed by Vanderou. It is only a missing piece that was not collected by Terkatanis.

[The arm of the king] is the result [the arm of the king], [the arm of the left hand], etc. merged. [The brain of the King of the Devil], [the brain of the King of the Devil], [the brain of the King of the Devil], etc. are integrated and became [the brain of the King of the Devil].

Even though it may not be possible to use the arms and brains, it should only be a thing that can be supplemented with other [片s].

The body of Gudulanis is said to have been teared in myth. However, it is natural, but it does not mean that the fl、 is a thousand. Thousands are just an adjective that means a finely divided thing.

When the Devil’s residual party may be trying to revive Gudulanis, the Berwoods at that time were seriously wary, so it’s not possible to spread the exact number of missing pieces.

And the most important thing in the lambda world is Baangaia. There were many missing pieces in the Kingdom of Orbaum that cured the third of the continent. However, it is almost absorbed by Vanderou. And the fragments managed by the Vida side will already be absorbed.

In other words, the Amid empire that governs the rest of the Baangaia continent and its homeland is a missing piece.

In order to compose a sufficient physical body with [Making's missing], you will have to collect almost all of the missing pieces that exist in the Amid Empire.

However, there is no [in能ct] and [memory] where I did it, and it is a problem whether there is a win against Gudulanis who have not received the benefit of the status.

However, Vandalou is completely part of herself.

Rodo Corte expresses the irritation of the inner heart many times hitting the fist on the floor of the dyna。. In the first place, Vandalou appears ten thousand years ago in a time series.

Vandalu was born at the end of the journey of the four souls of Zakart, Arc, Solda, and Hill Willow crushed by Gudulanis.

“Well, I don’t want to know that now...”

Rodo Corte returned to me was a bit scared to stop the unintended eightnesses.

“I have to make this issue a mistake! I have to think about something before Alda comes up!”

It is impossible. The mel。 that there was a subturbation that was used in such a distance was not in the ear, and Rodo Corte was burnt.

What can I do with Edgar? It is Alda that the treatment of the soul-scr ed Edgar to Rodo Corte, so that it can be restored to the present...and it has been an impossible order as soon as possible.

I just met it. However, [powder] It was very bad that I used some of the souls of Hinduranis. There is a room to apologize. I thought Rodo Corte.

However, there is no room for the reconcil。 of Gudulanis’ in、cts and memory, until we cooperate to prepare the fl。 of the waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza wada waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza waza

Rodcollete returned to a permanent resident of the world of “Ramda” when Gudulanis killed Vandalou and killed the people of the country he cures. If so, Alda did not know how the “Ramda” world would be... even if the result was destroyed.

One of the worlds in charge of the regeneration system disappears only. It is a world that decides to separate the earth and origin. If you don't lose it, you're lucky, but you're not spared to lose it.

However, the future remains a mochi painted on the picture. It is unpleasant that the relationship with Alda will be broken if it is only formed in the current state.

(The revival who can become a 駒koma is only one of Dah Long, who has lost himself because the sixth road disappeared. I can’t collect the power of the Vanderlus game. All of Alda and his subordinates are allowed.

From the mouth of Gudulanis, I learned that I am aiming not only to the life of Vanderou but also to the life of the people! Vanderou will kill me someday!)

It is unclear whether Vandalou can invade the Gods of Lodcorte, or whether it can destroy the Lodcorte that manages the multi-world regeneration system, but there is no denying material. In the first place, Vandalou seems to commit 挙ence, but it seems to destroy him after some ingenuity that the problem may occur even if Rodo Corte disappears, but it is not related to Rodo Corte himself. Because it is not changed to be destroyed.

In order to survive, it is the most方針 and most important policy to strengthen the lives of the honeys and defeat Vanderou.

『Rod Corte』

At that time, the dignified voice of the gods expressed Alda.

(Who came!?)

Rodo Corte, who has not yet thought about anything, has disappointed wolf, but he will try to think about measures while earning time in his mouth.

“Alda: First, my story”

Alda and his arms with a blue-white face that came into the eyes of the Lodo Corte, the face. It was a pile that was sprinkled on my face.

Rod Corte, who screamed like a cleaving ear, just  ulsed on the floor of the gods, and Alda finally dropped his arm.

"I was stinged in aの ... I should only have effect on the gods of "Masaka" and "Pile of the Law" is effective in Lodcorte ..."

I noticed that Arda was deceived by Rodo Corte, and Gduranis was revived. Then, I sprinkled the pile to Rodocorte. I didn't know that God's power. However, I couldn’t get angry.

“I said Gudulanis, but not only the Vanderlust but also the country of people. I see, did Rodocolte be recognized as a new breed of Vida and became the god of this world?

So, did you get caught up?

There is no room to answer questions to Rodo Corte, which has many piles. However, Alda convinced that it would be such a thing.

I have to check it before. In some cases, all the piles must be removed immediately.

"I'm using Lodcorte! Res ! "

"What's it! What's it!"

The use of a man wearing a strange clothing that is not seen in the "Ramda"......Kirumi Marufuji joined in front of Alda. If Arda 熟s up to himself, he was sacrificed to escape the subturbation and the spring that he is trained by the system.

“Does the reincarnation system continue to operate without any problems while Goddess punishes Lodcorte?”

Alda was more rational than he thought of hard mites.

Yes. No problem ... If a problem occurs, it is necessary to care and maintenance of Lodo Corte, but if there is no problem, there is no problem if it is still in this case."

The completeness of the Lodcorte regeneration system is high. Even if Rodo Corte is not active, it is possible to continue to regenerate automatically. In addition, because the hard mites used have been familiar with the handling of the system, it is possible to handle simple maintenance and errors only by him.

However, this time, the height of the completion was connected to the unfortunate of Rodo Corte.

“What is the problem and what is the time?”

“The problem is when Vandalou destroyed the soul. However, it can be erroneous if it is a while.

It’s about a few years.

“It’s not just a lambda, but also a whole world where Rodo Corte manages reincarnation.”

"Yes, all the world's regeneration is the same."

“I see. If I do not need to remove piles?”

Alda knows that there is no problem even if there is no rodocorte, and decided to remove the pile as it is. If the reincarnation system frequently needs the maintenance of the Lodo Corte, Rodo Corte tried to taste only a 痛ent pain and fear like hell.

"So, let's take care of the regeneration system for the future. It seems to be waste even if you try to help the Lord Rodocolte

"I know! I will focus on maintenance and management of the regeneration system without thinking about waste water! That's it!"

I returned to the system. If you are pregnant, you should think of the Lord Rodocolte, but in the attitude that there is no appearance, Alda remembered the contrary. However, I thought that it would be the loss of the humanity of Rodo Corte.

“I don’t have a good relationship with you...” However, there was a problem of re生ing the ring. You will not be able to be annoyed by the rodocollete or the troupe.

After that, is it a candidate for the honeys? I was lucky that I could see the honeys, but I lost the Edgar. You may lose Orbaum in faith.

In order to create a dungeon to grow honey, Alda lost the power of the ground. There was a risk of being attacked by Vanderou if it was defeated by Gudulanis.

However, it is impossible to understand it to the people of Orbaum. In his eyes, Vandalou would have seen as the Savior.

Even if the actual situation was wicked. Because they were actually helped by Vanderou.

Heinz also fought as a believer of the gods of Alda power, but his active participation is overwhelmingly small compared to Vandalou. Fortunately, the history of Gudulanis was not clear. Edgar is also a tragedy. However, only the tragedy called “Edgar died” is the memory of the candidates who were fighting on the ground.

The candidates of the program seem to have an unfamiliar belief about the gods who had obtained [Rod Corte's protection]. Some of them will be thrown away, like the previous candidates of Rubicante.

And there are some Duke of the Orbaum Kingdom of the stum、.

"In the early days, I was planning to assemble the Amid and Orbaum Kingdoms with a focus on Heinz and Ayleek, and collect the power of the war and win the Vandalu. Is there a main purpose of the Amid Empire?"

Heinz ran away from Orbaum. As it is, let's tell it by the god entrusted to escape to the Amid empire side.

After that, we need to give the Gods to the Aileek of the New Pope so that we can reach the Heinz on the Amid Imperial side. Heinz was born in the Milg shield country of the Amid empire, but he moved his base to the enemy country since the country and earned his honor. There are many people who know it.

However, if you 覚 up the bellwood from asleep, you will see him in the Amid Empire. No, I can't change it.

Alda was entrusted to Heinz earlier.

《【Maze Creation】The level of skill has increased!》

[D、age arms] 、ed to [D、age art]!

Vandaloos, who fell in Gudulanis and escaped to Heinz, were moving to post-processing as soon as possible.

“...The gate” seems to be a karugamo。k. Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

"Hendriksen, please. It’s real

“How about using herbal tea?”

In front of Hendriksen, who opened his mouth, and Artサー, who cares him, and the Witch King, Vandaloo takes him and walks.

"I didn't want to do this. This is also all six ways: Dark Avalon is bad

The gate of the dungeon, which the sixth road appeared in Orbaum, continues to remain intact, even if the dungeon disappeared from the sixth road and the gudulanis who took him.

The dungeon behind the gate is also healthy. At this time most of the magic is removed, but it should appear again after time.

It is impossible to reconstruct Orbaum if it does not do it. However, it is not possible to destroy the dungeon and stop the function.

If there is a person who manages dungeons, such as “Dungeon of Alda’s trial” or “Zakart’s trial”, it can stop the function of dungeons, but if not, it is only possible to drill holes in the hierarchy.

For this reason, Vanderou decided to collect the gate in one place with the [Maze Creation] skill. Then leave the gate and put another gate in the dungeon.

In the dungeon, there are countless dungeon entrances, but this is a normal A-class dungeon with only one external and open entry entrance.

I decided to move the entrance of the dungeon, but there was a resistance as Vandalou... I had already done a lot, and I decided to open it again.

People who evacuated to the shelter have not yet come out except for some exceptions. Rather than  rying out the所ble, it is safer to spend at the shelter, and there is no risk of crimes such as fire 棒efs.

By the way, food is dismantled and procures the carcass of the witch that is flooded in Orbaum.

“Hendriksen! Don’t run away from reality forever!”

“No matter how much you do it, it’s easier than usual because there are many dead bodies that have bones removed.”

“The ingredients that are not used in the ingredients are bought together, so let’s collect them here!”

"Is it possible to buy a lot of high-ranked magic materials?" Adventurer ルドld, can you broke?

One of the adventurers who have dismantled in the voice of Aila seemed to be shy. I don’t have to worry about it.

Even though the material of the魔 7 is sold in large gold, the number of magic items that were not listed only in the legend that exceeded the rank 10 has come out. Even though there is a dead body that is hard to use, there is still a mountain of such a legendary magic.

I don’t know how many millions of Baum are needed to buy.

“No, you’ll have a subsidy from the country.”

“It’s the same country?”

A man who cuts off the meat from the skin next to the man's word rebels. However, there was only a man saying, “Yes.”

Half of the streets that exist until this morning are。ble, and the rest remains the shape as a building, but it is not possible to use it as it is in semi-negative state. It seems that the poor town is destroyed. Originally, there was only a building that was not distinguished from the abandoned house.

There is a mir ly safe corner, but there is only a small part if you remove exceptions like Silky Zakart Mansion....... them, I can see from here that the Oto Castle keeps its power without breaking down.

(Now, it was the shape of the royal castle? The number of pagodas has increased...Is the place changed?)

A man who was looking at the landscape of Orbaum, who had changed his head.

。 The castle wall is also a hole, and it is an abnormal situation where the   flo  in the sky, a huge sailing ship, a mass of meat, and a hundred feet. The castle was in the middle of the battle with Gudulanis, and it is natural that the shape changes)

A man devotees the consciousness and gave another thing.

“What’s happening in the future? The “five-colored blade” does not come back somewhere. It...I was not kneaded? "Savior"

"...I'm sorry. I didn’t hear my voice...”

The man was the same candidate as the Hendriksen. For this reason, Rodo Corte was anxious to hear the cause of the revival of Gudulanis, and to know that the "five-colored blades" and "savior" Vandalou were揉.

Alda Shinto's Heinz and Vida Shinto's Vandalu are not uncomfortable. But what about the vandaloo who defeated the King Gudulanis, and how to knead the defeated dinosaurs? Even if God believes, should not please the world saved?

In the first place, Heinz is the Alda fusion class that claims the fusion between Vida and Vida’s new family. How does the Heinz cause the Vanderlus and the trouble of the Dampire, which was named as the Savior to Vida?

The more you think, the more you think, the more you think, the more you know, the more you think, the more you know, the more you think. However, while Gudulanis and Vanderouts are fighting in the sky, they are not aware of the situation.

The resurrection of Gudulanis, Roar, and Vida heard the voice of Vandaloo, but it was not able to confirm the situation and the circumstances. That’s why there was something happening. Or you may be misunderstood by yourself.

However, the “five-colored blade” that should be asked about the situation is somewhere ... It was also gone somewhere with the power of God.

However, there is no dedication from the gods that the men dedicate.

“Hendriksen! Artサー! You don’t have to receive Gods!”

A man who increased anxiety accelerated asked the other party who would be unbearable.

“No, I don’t take anything.” But can you think of it? God says we don’t have to do anything now?

The first answer was Hendriksen. Vandalou re-started from a scenic spot where he believed to move the entrance of the dungeon, which is supposed to be unactual. He was quiet and quiet.

“No, I don’t have to do anything!”

What is it?

Candidates who can say the word of Hendriksen to the parrot, and even skip the question. The following answer was Artサー.

“The revival of Gudulanis was defeated safely. We are doing things to do for the reconstruction and reconstruction of the city. This is not enough.

The man of the candidate who was used to the strong face of the Art。 was。.

“Is there such a way of thinking?”

“I’m sure... I’m not doing that now.” If you have the opportunity later, please ask the Savior and Aila.

While listening to the story, Vandalou collects the gates in one place.

"My husband, I will ask two. Do you have to condemn Gods of “five-colored blades” and “alda power”?

Vandalu asked Bermond, who walked around the side like a secretary, said, “Eh, I’m not.”

“If we say exactly, we don’t have to be there. If Vida believers are proactively blaming Alda and their followers, they will be able to buy people’s feelings.

“I don’t hear what people were evacuating.”

The people of Orbaum who helped life in the shade of Vanderou, but that’s why they demonstrate the word of Vanderou. In particular, those who believe Gods of Alda forces should not be able to blame the Alda Gods on the other hand, and even if he tries to blame the Heinz, there should be few people who aim to the suspicion.

If you make them, suddenly the town that was peaceful until this morning was evacuated from the dead. I don’t know the translation even if I was blamed by God who believes.

What may be an obvious truth to Vandalieu and his friends is different to other people. There's no evidence to trust them.

“However, we need to calmly tell people the ``facts'' that are easy to understand.Let's keep the fact that Edgar was treated with Guduranis' [powder] a secret.

Dark Avalon that Isla spread, Rodcorte that Asagi leaked, and the ``Five-Colored Blade'' that left Orbaum, which must now be rebuilt and restored... Even if we don't raise our voices, it's obvious what people think. Besides...the role of actively criticizing is planned to be outsourced.''

“I see. Are they the ones talking inside Knochen right now?

Also, the more effort our husband, the ``savior'' who defeated Guduranis, and we make to rebuild and restore Orbaume, the more favorable the people will be, and the more their image of undead and demons will change.''

"That's right. So, what about the other one?"

"Yes...when can you suck my blood?"

Belmont asked with a slight blush on his cheeks, and Vandalieu tilted his head.

“Well, I have already heard that you drew my blood in advance and injected it into Gina and Volks, and they drank my blood, but... I would like my husband to suck it directly, so... Come to think of it, I heard that Zadiris and the others sucked their blood with their proboscises, not with their fangs. Does that mean anything?”

“No, I just thought that the scars would disappear more easily with a thin snout than with fangs. Zadiris and the others don’t have the [high-speed regeneration] skill.

Well, this is an opportunity to suck Belmond's blood... After this, we'll unify the gates of the dungeon and improve the area around the entrance, and then we'll use [Golem Creation] to restore the castle wall that protects the city of Orbaume, and we'll use as much magic as we can, so let's do it after that.''

Vandalieu could repair buildings by turning rubble into golems, but he had no intention of repairing the entire town of Orbaum. The builder could lose his job...and it would be a hassle later on.

The area around the entrance to the dungeon, the castle wall, and the buildings of each guild will need to be repaired quickly.

"The rest is the slum development project.Then, I feel relieved that I will soon have the opportunity to suck the blood of me, Pauvina, Gizania, Pribel, Muse, and Eleonora."

"...People don't even know that they're anemic."

Normally, there was no way that Vandalieu, who was only the son of an honorary earl even though he was the ``savior,'' could proceed with his business without the permission of the royal aristocrats. It's not just a simple repair job, but a slum maintenance project.

However, Vandalieu and his friends were confident that it would not be a problem. That's because...I've already gotten approval from Corbitt and the others.

A white castle towering in front of the Elector's Castle, which has collapsed in places... A huge round table made from countless bones was set up in the hall of the Palace of Ten Thousand Bone by Knochen, which had been transformed, and the few exceptions, such as Elector Corbit and Dormad, who had returned outside from the evacuation center, were surrounding it.

Their faces were uniformly pale, and some had dead-skinned skin, while others were shaking so much that they couldn't even drink the tea that had been prepared for them. ...There were some who were holding back strong irritation, and some whose faces were red with anger, but they were in the minority.

"Then...we will hold an emergency meeting for the Orbaum Kingdom."

The worry in Corbitt's voice was also evident.

“Hopefully, everyone will use their wits so that this won’t be the last meeting of the Orbaume Kingdom.”

I'm sorry, but I'm planning to post the next episode on February 19th, a day later.