Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short story 53 God of death

I'm very late (sweat)

The governments of each country in the ``Origin'' world were in turmoil. The degree of this was greater in countries that were supposed to lead the world as developed countries.

The United States is in the lead.

"Why can't we contact the president!? The military has flown fighter jets into the airspace of other countries without permission, and provided equipment to members of the [Bravers] at the U.S. military base in Japan without permission! And unidentified monsters are flying around in the sky!

A diplomatic problem has already occurred! ”

The vice president was responding to an emergency situation in a command room lined with crystal panels and monitors, and was irritated by the president's absence.

"The president is visiting the Northern European Union. I'm currently trying to contact him through the embassy, but I haven't heard anything."

“The bodies of Air Force General Fortrand and Chief Advisor George of the National Ministry of Magic have been found! It appears that they were murdered by someone!”

"A key member of the intelligence department has disappeared and is believed to have already fled the country. The headquarters was blown up, but the Magic Investigation Team is working on restoring the storage medium they found!"

"It appears that the monster is using [Valor] Johnny Yamaoka's cash card for shopping. Do you want to freeze the account? It looks like a considerable amount of cash has already been withdrawn."

The reports brought to the vice president were full of bad news. ...The last one doesn't really matter to the vice president personally.

“You bandits! What happened to [Bravers]!? Can’t you get in touch with Mr. Rokudou!?”

"That's...it seems like you're ignoring our communication."

"...Gaddem! Are they biting too!"

``Origin'' Rokudou did not underestimate the United States, which is one of the world's largest powers. He created collaborators in the intelligence department, the military, and the Ministry of Magic, so that he could paralyze the state's functions at any time.

Once the matter is accomplished, they will be given immortality and eternal life as bait.

"...It seems that we are unable to contact the presidents of the European Union. It seems that states of emergency are occurring in the Middle East, Africa, and South America as well. Thanks to that, no country has yet protested our scandals."

"The exceptions are the Nordic Federation and the Republic of China...I'm starting to wonder if it's misleading if it's so obvious."

The vice president identified this global mastermind as the Bravers' Six Paths, the Nordic Federation, or the Republic of China. I also think that the Nordic Federation, where the president is staying but cannot be contacted, is more suspicious.

However, that doesn't mean they can't attack the Nordic Federation directly. If you do that, a war will start.

"They say this is an intelligence department for times like this...what are they planning to do? Are they trying to start a world war? Do they want to destroy the world?"

In "Origin", unlike "Earth", there is only one world war. This is because after the Industrial Revolution, which was brought about by the invention of the steam engine and the industrial use of magic, more damage than expected occurred during World War I, which saw the first full-scale use of magic items.

Abnormal weather has continued for several decades in areas centered on battlefields, and animals that have mutated due to being exposed to abnormal magical power... magical beasts have begun to appear with high frequency. The damage caused by this was enormous...if postwar reconstruction and the international economy were included, not only the defeated countries, but even the victorious countries lost more than they gained.

Even the United States, which had no battlefields within its territory, was unable to collect reparations because some of the defeated countries became exiled.

Since then, each country has avoided large-scale wars. Proxy wars and local wars between major powers in colonies have occurred, but these have been kept to a minimum.

However, the advancement of weapons has not stopped, and the use of magic has progressed. Military golems, which are now described as humanoid tanks, and powered suits that use magic to assist soldiers. Curse-type target sensing missiles that are controlled by magic and track their targets have also been invented.

If such highly developed military magic items collide, it is impossible to imagine how much disaster will occur. Some scholars even argue that if humanity were to perish, it would not be because of war, but because of the magical disasters caused by war.

(However, if our country doesn't continue to fight and becomes a defeated country...I'd rather...!)

Rather than sit back and face ruin, we should have a bloody victory. The vice president thought about that, but he shook it off.

"What about the media? If intelligence agencies are unreliable, can't we use their information networks?"

"Well... five minutes ago, a major media outlet published an article denouncing scandals in our country. We suspected an information leak and began an investigation, but the manuscript of the article was sent from overseas. Probably from the Nordic Federation..."

“What’s the matter… that even the media would betray our country?”

"Vice President! The restoration of the information media left in the intelligence department has been completed! According to what we have learned, the mastermind behind this is none other than Hijiri Rokudou of [Avalon]! He is researching death-attribute magic, and seems to be targeting Hiroto Amamiya, the eldest daughter of [Braver], as a real death-attribute magician!"

At that time, a representative of the surviving investigative agency rushed in and reported that.

"I see, the presidents betrayed us for the purpose of death. Besides, it was for personal gain rather than selling the country... Mr. Six Paths probably used immortality as bait."

　Eternal youth. It has been a dream of humanity that has been rumored to be possible ever since the existence of death-attribute magic was revealed.

However, in the records of experiments using the ``undead'', the time until death is postponed at best, and although Pluto in ``The Eighth Guidance'' was able to save a seriously ill person with a limited life expectancy, he was unable to keep an old man on the brink of old age alive.

However, if we continue our research, this may become possible. And Rokudo made it possible.

That's what the presidents believed, and they sold the country to him.

“Rokudou, you decided to team up with the Nordic Federation instead of with our country...have you decided that secret research is difficult to do in a democratic country?”

At this stage, it was within Rokudou's calculation that the true identity and headquarters of the mastermind would be revealed. I knew before the incident happened that there was no way he would make such a flashy move and go unnoticed.

What I didn't calculate was that even at this stage, I hadn't accomplished any of my objectives. No, they succeeded in scattering many other [Bravers], throwing the countries into confusion and blocking their movement. However, instead of getting the all-important Mei Amamiya and eliminating the reincarnated people who could pose a threat, the reincarnated people who are in the way are gathering after Mei escapes.

Normally, by the time the United States noticed, the Six Paths' victory should have already been confirmed.

“If this happens, we will have to secure Mei Amemiya. In order for our United States to survive and continue to be a great power! Is it possible to do so with the current remaining forces before the Nordic Federation and the Six Paths get their hands on it?”

"Unfortunately, I think it will be difficult. The target... is being protected by monsters."

"Oh my god... then, does that mean that the delusional statements of the 'Eighth Guidance' believers who are making a fuss on the internet about that monster are partially true?"

On the Internet, there are people who consider the ``Eighth Guidance'' sacred, claiming that the monster that appeared is not a remnant of the ``Eighth Guidance'', but rather a god-like existence that brings the ``Eighth Guidance'' to humanity.

"If Mei Amemiya is a death-attribute magic user and the monsters are caused by her magic, it would be difficult for our country's military power to do so. Also, it seems they have already joined up with [Angel] Narumi Amemiya, [Braver] Hiroto Amamiya, etc."

``Vice President, why don't you leave it to them for now?The fact that you are heading to the Nordic Federation shows that Mr. Amemiya is determined to fulfill his responsibility as the head of the organization to bring the situation to a close.

Shouldn't we move with an eye on what will happen after the situation settles down? ”

If Amemiya does something about the Six Paths, the Nordic Federation, and the national bandits, the world will usher in a time of change. The dissolution of the Nordic Federation and the arrest and punishment of those who betrayed the country by giving them immortality. World leaders will be replaced.

At that time, the United States quickly recovered from the chaos, took a leading position in the aftermath, and secured the death-attribute magic research data left by Rokudou and the identity of Mei Amemiya.

Nominally, it should be called ``protection''. And actually protect it. We will create an environment where she can live comfortably so that she will not be touched by people from other countries, and we will also arrange for her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Amemiya, to be able to visit her freely and to live with her if they wish.

Create a luxurious miniature garden.

She is worth that much. There is also the fact that the United States does not have the power to imprison her. If existing weapons were placed in the hands of that monster, they would undergo a spectacular transformation into scrap in just a few minutes.

Not only does it have combat power, but it also has the mobility to fly in the sky, so it's a no-brainer. In order to keep it in my hands, I have no choice but to placate it.

That's what the representative of the investigative agency who advised the vice president was thinking. ...Originally, he was not in a position to give opinions on national policy, but since those who were originally in a position to give opinions either betrayed the country or were assassinated, no one blamed him for giving his opinions.

"No, fire a missile at the monster. Eliminate Mei Amemiya."

However, the vice president seems to have given a different answer.

"What!? Are you serious, Vice President!? If you do something like that..."

“I see, [Echo] was also on board.Then, bring a fighter plane equipped with a missile close and detonate the missile nearby.The fighter plane will be on autopilot...or rather, let the unsuspecting pilot be the victim.See if the launch and detonation of the missile can be controlled remotely.

Of course, use pilots and fighter jets from aircraft carriers currently operating, rather than air bases where the enemy may be infiltrating.''

[Echo]'s reflection is the ability to reflect bullets back to the person who fired them, no matter how far away they are. Missiles are no exception.

However, the US military believed that the heat from a missile that exploded nearby without being launched could not be reflected. Even if [Echo] could reflect the heat, this method would not cause any damage to the US base.

And it shouldn't be able to reflect the heat that the passenger is exposed to.

"Vice President, are you sane!? In that case, a valuable death-attribute magician...and Hiroto Amemiya will become your enemy! He is also a monster, just like a monster, that cannot be fit into the framework of an individual!"

Hiroto Amemiya's [ignorance of defense capabilities] has been causing problems for those involved in national security in various countries. After all, it ignores defense power. If he fires a machine gun, the bulletproof vests worn by soldiers or the armor of tanks will be more fragile than paper and full of holes.

The only countermeasures are to avoid, to attack the bullet instead of defending, or to run out of range of the gun. However, it is clear that all of these are difficult. Ordinary soldiers and weapons cannot dodge bullets, shoot them down, or escape faster than bullets.

If this was not a machine gun, but a [simultaneous activation] of attack magic that utilized all attributes (excluding death and the time attribute, which does not exist in Origin), it would really get out of hand.

The only way to do that would be to use fighter jets to bomb from far above. ...When it was previously attacked by the air force of an African military dictatorship, it seems that they had some trouble shooting it down without sustaining any minor injuries.

If such a monster parent and child were to become enemies all at once, the United States would be dismantled before the Nordic Federation.

As he shouted, the vice president answered with a dangerous glint in his eyes that was typical of someone cornered.

"We cannot allow anyone other than our country to lead the world. As long as that possibility exists, we cannot let it live! Even if it means our country will be destroyed, there will be no winners and no losers!"

Then, an army general appeared at the operational control room with his subordinates in tow. In his hand is a book containing the U.S. Constitution, which is used by the vice president to take an oath to take over in the event that the president is unable to carry out his duties.

"I've heard your story, but first I need you to take the oath. The supreme commander of our country's military is the president."

"Oh, let's finish this right away."

The vice president raises one hand in response to the general's request and begins taking the oath.

“I--Habyaratchikave!?”

Then, in the middle of taking the oath, the general grabbed my head. As soon as that happened, there was a sound of something popping, the smell of something burning, and a strange sound as he fell down.

“Sho, General!? What are you doing to the Vice President!?”

A man representing an investigative agency and a security guard reflexively pull out a gun. However, by that time, the general's men were pointing guns at him.

“What do you mean, General!?”

"It's a coup, Director. From now on, I, Sergei Durant, will be the president of the United States government. Rest assured, the former vice president is alive. This magic can steal a person's consciousness more safely than a stun gun."

The word coup d'état uttered by Sergei Darant caused an uproar among everyone except him and his subordinates. They looked at him in shock, wondering if he was even one of Rokudou's lackeys.

After taking the oath in front of everyone in the operation control room, President Sergei Darant gave the order.

"Forget about the former vice president's instructions from earlier. He seems tired, so throw him in a cell and let him get some rest.

And in case something happens in the Nordic Federation, have the embassy staff, including the ambassador, withdraw. The military should stand by as is, and the monsters and Mr. Amemiya should be left alone. There’s nothing we can do.”

"...Eh? Isn't that the same as doing nothing?"

"Yes, Director. I will accept your proposal."

"Please wait, I'm not the director..."

"No, you are now the head of the investigation agency. Are you dissatisfied?"

The man who was the representative of the investigative agency because the person above him either betrayed the country or was assassinated, widened his eyes for a moment at Sergei's words, but quickly responded with a salute.

"No! I will do my best in my duties, President Sergei Durant!"

“Good.…We will take the silver coins and head to the river.”

Sergei Darant... Before he became a general, his son, who was born with a genetic disease, was saved by Pluto and the Eighth Guidance, and since then he has become a secret follower of the Eighth Guidance.

He was unable to do anything when the ``Eighth Guidance'' collapsed a few years ago, so he gathered his power in the military and trusted subordinates and waited for this moment.

``We will take the silver coins and head to the river.''

It is said that in order to cross the river that separates death and life that flows through the underworld, one must sacrifice a silver coin.

Since then, recent believers in the ``Eighth Guidance'' have used silver coins as a symbol of their faith. They used the silver coins to stage a coup.

To become the strength of the ``God'' I encountered in my dream and the ``Saint" blessed by God.

His coup d'état was successful because the main force that was supposed to stop him was absent, and because the people who remained in the government judged the vice president, who was supposed to become president after he was removed, to be a dangerous person.

"The headquarters of the Six Paths is located underground in the mountains between the borders of Northern Europe and China. The specific location is..."

[Metamol] Mari Shihoin makes a mark on the unfolded map. Apparently, Rokudou uses military bases in the Nordic Federation and mines in the Republic of China as entrances and exits, and uses the underground area as its own base.

"When the Eighth Guidance existed, we researched it in the basement of an air base in the United States for fear of being attacked, but after it was destroyed, we moved to Northern Europe and China.

So, recently, they have been mainly conducting research on the border with Northern Europe, using the Republic of China as a dummy in case their research is discovered.''

"...It doesn't match Rokudou's actions. For the past few years, he has been holding talks and negotiating with the Republic of China as part of the [Bravers].Did he stop by the Nordic Federation on the way and replace you?"

"That's what you say."

After joining up with Bandar, Mari finally revealed the location of Rokudou's headquarters.

"Actually, it was supposed to be built underground in either Scandinavia or China, but...it seems like if I had chosen either country, the country I didn't choose would betray me, so they built it underground on the border."

“Even though you’re my neighbor?”

"That's right, Mom. There are some people you can't get along with even if you live next door."

And Mei and Hiroshi were listening to the story of truth as usual.

"...Um, Mari? What do you mean by calling Mei mom? Your mother must have died a long time ago, right?"

"That's right, Narumi. Narumi is fine, right? If I call you Amamiya, it's hard to tell which member of your family you're calling."

“I don’t mind that, but…?”

"Thank you. Well then, let's continue talking."

Narumi asks, confused by Mei calling her "mama," but Mari doesn't seem to want to take long to answer her. On the contrary, he seemed confused as to why he was worrying about such an obvious thing, and his attitude showed that ``I'm not in the mood for that right now.''

Her husband and Iwao put their hands on her shoulders and shook their heads, as if telling her to give up. ...They also listened to the story before joining us, but they didn't get the point at all.

"Nii-chan! Mei became a mom!"

"Uh, yeah, that's amazing, Mei...Then, am I that person's uncle?"

"In my dream, it seemed like I was just attached to Me-kun..."

And actually, the banders were also confused. Joseph, Ulrika, and the others understood that this was how she maintained her mental stability, so they tried not to provoke her.

“Then, what shall we do now?”

"It's already decided. To defeat the Six Paths and the traitors..."

``Derrick, that's not true...it's not about you, but what should we do.''

When Bander said that, Hiroto Amemiya, Narumi, and the others were stunned.

``As for me, I have no obligation to do anything about Rokudou, the traitors, or their collaborators. That's the job of the Bravers, the police, and the military.

Now that I've been able to join up with Mari and the others, as long as I can maintain your safety and happiness, everything else is secondary.''

If you can kill Rokudo and the reincarnated people under his command, it's certainly better to kill them and crush their souls, or crush their hearts so that they won't become your enemy even if they reincarnate.

However, in order for Bander to do that, he must take Mei with him, and he must cooperate with the [Bravers].

This is because Bandar and Mei alone cannot negate the good fortune that protects reincarnated people. If he was cornered into a situation where he could not escape death or extinction no matter how lucky he was, like the previous reincarnations, he might be able to do that... but as expected, he is still worried about Vandalieu's alter ego, and on top of that he is protecting Mei.

...Having the main body infiltrate 'Origin' and attack Rokudou and the others has a lot of uncertainty, so I would like to use it as a last resort.

There is no point in doing anything reckless and if a problem arises with the preparations I made for Meida.

``What shall we do? Me-kun? ”

"You said Bander. Personally, I don't want to put Mei in danger. Of course, Hiroshi too. But I think it's my responsibility to stop Rokudo."

``That's natural, isn't it? In many ways'

Bander also agreed with Hiroto Amamiya's words. If the [Bravers] do not do their best to solve this big incident in which Rokudou is the mastermind, the future of their organization will be destroyed.

It will be denounced as an organization that has spread destruction and chaos throughout the world, and Amemiya and his friends will be treated like criminals.

"That's why I want to borrow your help. I'm not asking you to fight the Six Paths. I want you to protect Mei and the others in a safe place.

There is no safer place in this world than around you."

``That's what your father says, but what do you want to do? ”

"To the bad old man. I'm definitely going to do it!"

"Well, let's go and get destroyed by the evil Rokudou-san."

I don't want to directly participate in the battle between Rokudou and Amemiya, but I would like to observe the situation from a distance and support Amamiya if possible. It would be troublesome if Rokudo were to defeat Amamiya, and I would like to destroy his soul if possible.

For that purpose, we need to go together.

"Also, I'm going to help Mari-chan's friend!"

"A friend of mine? Mom, are you talking about a test subject from someone like me?"

"Certainly, there must be other experimental subjects in his research facility besides us..."

And in Rokudou's headquarters, there must be test subjects that Mei hasn't met in her dreams yet, and people who have been abducted to be used as test subjects. Mei seems to be insisting that she wants to help him.

``Let's do that, Mae-kun. Well, that's what I was planning to do from the beginning.''

Mari and Bokor are not the only experimental subjects Bandar and Mei have met in their dreams. There are dozens and dozens of others. Ignoring them would affect Vandalieu's existence as a religious person.

``You don't have any reason to listen to my request... no, don't you have any reason to listen to my request? As we talked, I became convinced, but it seems that you have a completely different personality from Mei.

"I don't care where you are, but please protect the children."

When Amemiya understood that Bander was not following his instructions, he also nodded in response. He thinks that blatantly ignoring his father in front of Mei and Hiroshi is bad for his education.

``Even if you don't say that, do your best.''

"Wait...I want to tell you something about you. Out of earshot of the children."

Then, Narumi suddenly started saying this with a thoughtful look on her face.

"I see...I understand."

Hiroto Amemiya was convinced, but Narumi still felt uneasy about entrusting her children to an unknown strange creature. Even more so if he senses that the strange form is not caused by dark magic or abilities and has a different personality.

``Bokor, Gabriel, Yukijorou, I'll leave you in charge for a moment. Ah, I'll stretch out my antennae, so please use it to soothe me.''

Thinking that he had guessed her inner thoughts, Bander moved away from Mei while extending two antennae from his head like a rope.

"Bander? Nyoronyoro~"

"Mei, I heard that Bander has something to talk about with his mother and the others. So don't try to wrap your tentacles around Nyoronyoro and pull him in."

“The figure that spins around with its antennae…how divine!”

"Bander! This Bokoball looks like it's no good for older guys!"

"It's okay, Hiroshi-sama. We're all on the same level as him. You're the only one we can rely on. Also, Bokor."

"You're lying!? Aunt Ulrika can only be relied upon in an emergency!"

“Wow, I’m surprisingly trusted!?”

"...Ulrika, you've become completely positive."

Leaving everyone making a lively noise, Bander, the Amemiyas, Derrick and Iwao, who were about 30 meters away from Mei, started talking.

"Bander, your true identity is 'undead', right?"

“Yes, my true identity is... huh? Was that a code name given to me? I've never been called that, so I'm not really aware of it.''

Bander was thinking about how much he should tell him about his true identity, but Narumi seemed to have guessed his true identity to some extent.

"As expected...I thought there was no one else but you who could teach Mei death-attribute magic."

Apparently, before he became the first in the world to be able to use Hades and Truth, he thought that there was no one else who could teach death-attribute magic other than the ``Undead'', who were the only perfect death-attribute magicians.

In reality, the ``undead'' that were being controlled by researchers at the time were not that skilled in death-attribute magic.

(Well, if that convinces you of my true identity, then that's a good thing... isn't it?)

Bander thought that the Amemiya couple would be in great shock if they found out that Bandar's true identity was Vandalieu's reincarnated person, Hiroto Amamiya, just like them.

I've consciously tried not to know how the two of them became lovers and got married, but since my son's name is Hiroshi, I feel like if the truth were to be known, it would only lead to trouble.

In the end, I was planning to have him know that there is an afterlife, and talk to him so that he wouldn't become an enemy even if he were reincarnated, but... it's better not to have any mental turmoil before the decisive battle with the Six Paths.

"I don't know why you protect Mei and Hiroshi, but... I'm sorry. We couldn't help Pluto and the others that you saved. On the contrary, we couldn't even realize that Rokudou-kun... Rokudou was causing the same tragedy as those children.

I'm really sorry, and thank you--"

``Ah, that's fine. I accept your apology, and that feeling is enough. So please don't lower your head any further.''

As for Bandar and Vandalieu, I already don't have too high expectations for [Bravers], including Pluto and the others.

Moreover, Pluto and the others no longer have any grudge against the Bravers, or rather, they have no interest in them. If they don't have anything to do with us, they won't even look at us, treating us as little more than a stone on the side of the road.

It's the same for Vandalieu, but he wants to avoid Mei and Hiroshi becoming estranged from their parents because of their past.

So, if you can just accept the apology and throw it in the water, that's fine.

In any case, the [Bravers] will be forced to work hard in this world from now on, and even if Bander doesn't chase them down, they will be rewarded enough.

"Wait, if you're an undead... are you Hiroto Amamiya? Same reincarnation as us..."

“Please shut up.”

However, Amemiya tried to blurt out unnecessary truths. Therefore, Bander spits out a lump of mucus from his mouth and slams it into Amemiya's face, sealing his mouth.

"~!?"

Amemiya was caught by surprise and fell down, her head covered in mucus.

"Amamiya!? I-are you okay!? No, what do you mean by what you just said...Amamiya? I think Narumi said that before...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"

Then, Bander's tentacles stretched out with lightning speed and wrapped around Iwao's body as he ran towards him, blocking his movements and mouth.

“I told you to shut up...Derrick, Narumi, what about you guys? Would you like to be silenced by mucus, tentacles, or tongue without causing injury? ”

Narumi, who was unable to move due to the sudden force, and Derrick, who did not move as a warning from his survival instincts, responded by shaking his head violently.

``That's fine. As for my true identity, let's leave it for later. You may not be satisfied with many things or have doubts, but let's leave it for later. Sounds good?

I'm on the side of Me-kun, Hiroshi, Ulrika, Joseph, Mari, and Bokor. Because you guys are friends. There is no other reason. Behind the scenes, hidden aims, true intentions, everything.

Did you understand? ”

"I understand. I'll explain that to the other [Bravers] members as well. I'd like to hear the story later."

Hiroto Amemiya, who managed to remove the mucus and escape from the danger of suffocation, nodded with a pale face, and the Bravers' policy towards Bander was decided.

At the Rokudo home base, preparations were made to intercept the Bravers.

Tanks, military golems, heavily armed soldiers... and experimental subjects.

"Kukuku, I can finally go wild."

“In Africa, nothing could be done in the end.”

The people Rokudou used in his experiments with death-attribute magic were not only orphans and kidnapped people. Many death row inmates from countries such as the Nordic Federation and the Republic of China were also used.

Those former violent criminals were placed in Africa.

"I'll melt their pretty faces into mush with my hands. I'd rather kill the kids in front of their parents, but if I can't help them, I can't help it. Once in a while, I'll let their parents rot in front of the kids!"

"Are you as good as [Bravers]? At best, be careful not to get in the line of sight of my gun, which has been enhanced with [Enhanced lethality]."

By becoming limited death-attribute magic users, they have acquired the ability to corrupt anything they touch and the ability to enhance the killing power of the weapons they hold.

"You're the May Flies. Shall I make you into my doll?"

In addition to the two, there were three women who were able to possess the bodies of others and were considered leaders among the experimental subjects placed here.

"But I wonder if they'll come to a place like this. There are only people in the back who haven't become test subjects yet, right?"

"That's why the boss thinks he's coming. There's no way the hero won't help the victims. If you find out, prepare quietly."

However, the test subject is a guinea pig after all. Although they are counted as military forces, they are not treated as people.

They are in a position where they are forced to follow the soldiers and mercenaries of the Nordic Federation and the Republic of China.

"If you resist, the bomb in your head will go off. All I have to do is say a spell, or my partner operates the remote control..."

Before he could finish speaking, countless air holes were created in the soldier's body.

A man with the ability to [enhance lethality] pulled the trigger.

"You!? Are you going to betray me?"

The soldier next to him activates the remote control and detonates the bomb implanted in the man's brain.

"Use me!"

"Hey!"

However, at the same time as the bomb destroyed the man's brain, the [possessed] woman possessed his body. Then, his heart, which was supposed to stop because his brain was destroyed, was forced to start, and he fired while continuing to breathe.

“Gah!?”

“Hey, you traitor!”

The soldier holding the remote control collapses, and the [Corruption] man shouts happily.

"That's perfect! I've always wanted to rot the face of a beautiful woman like you!"

The [Corruption] man thrust his arm out towards the [Possessed] woman, who had collapsed and was unable to move, instead of the [Enhanced Lethal Power] man. He knew that when a woman uses [Possession], her own body becomes defenseless.

If the main body is targeted, the line of fire overlaps, so a woman controlling a man's body with [Enhanced lethality] cannot shoot herself. I'm sure there will be plenty of gaps as they prioritize protecting their own bodies. Taking advantage of the opportunity, he steals the gun and shoots both men in the heart. No matter how [possessed] a woman is, if there is a hole in the body she's possessed and the heart of the main body, she won't be able to hold it.

The [Corruption] man was calmly calculating under his hedonistic smile.

His calculations are usually correct. However, he was a serial killer who could not feel the pain of others. You can't understand other people because you can't feel their pain. Because you don't understand, you can only imagine other people's movements within the scope of what you imagine will happen.

His society was closed to himself, and he didn't understand anything about the other test subjects who were in nearby cells or the two people who participated in the same experiment.

That's why the [Corruption] man couldn't foresee that the [Possessed] woman controlling the [Enhanced lethality] man would shoot without hesitation.

"Huh!?"

Before the [Rotten] man's hand touched the [Possessed] woman's face, a hole was made in the back of the [Rotten] man's head and back.

``If you were afraid of dying, you wouldn't have done this in the first place.''

After answering that, the two started walking after making sure there were no other survivors. To protect my comrades.

``Ah, how lucky are I and I to be able to go to the kingdom of God just by killing people.''

As they said that, the sound of something exploding in the distance reached their ears as they collected the assault rifles and spare ammunition the soldiers were carrying.

Apparently, the hero has arrived.

"I don't care about that, but... is God following me? I wish I could join up with Bokor and the others... but will my body and my magic last until then?"

Amemiya's magic easily tore apart tanks and knocked down armored vehicles.

"...Great performance."

This was due to his cheat abilities such as [simultaneous activation] and [ignoring defense power], but the powered suit he wore strengthened his physical abilities and assisted in the control and efficiency of his magic, which also played a role.

It does not flinch even when hit by an average bullet, and can withstand the high temperatures of incendiary bombs. As a magic medium, it surpasses the latest military medium.

It's amazing performance. If this could be spread among the soldiers, even the weakest soldiers would quickly turn into elite troops.

"So I guess it's too selfish to complain about this design."

That's what Hiroto Amemiya said in a half-resigned powered suit... His transformation gear was simple: a helmet, a cloak, and a bodysuit that covered his entire body.

However, the [Bravers] logo and Hiroto Amemiya's signature are placed on the cloak, helmet, and chest of the suit, as well as patterns with light and flame motifs in flashy colors.

No matter how you looked at it, it was a special effects hero suit.

"...Let's go! Everyone!"

"Oh, oh!"

Following him were [Bravers] wearing silver bodysuits.

Rokudo a minute ago.

"Rokudou-san! Amemiya and the others have appeared in costumes!"

“I see, it’s finally here…or, a costume!?”

Volume 5 of my work has been released! I would appreciate it if you could pick it up when you see it at a bookstore.

Also, the comic version of my work will be updated on the 24th! I would appreciate it if you could check it out on Comic Walker or Niconico Seiga.

The next episode will be posted on April 27th.