Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 34. Deされるed like being flown from the bocce

The student’s position is equal in the school.

However, the school is the capital of the Kingdom of choice, not the iso、 island of land away from the public, and the third of the students are not the dormitory of the school.

It is difficult for students from the slam city to interact with the students of the aristocratic family.

Of course, the principal of meorilis also knows the situation. However, she has just set up a synonym that “students are equal” to ensure that the teacher evaluates equally regardless of the student’s origin, and to suppress the trouble between the students.

A teacher who receives a 賂be from the parents of the aristocratic students and works for convenience. An aristocratic student who tries to force the opponent to enter his party because he is from Hiramin.

It is possible to penalize the aristocratic family by the original A-class adventurer Meoriris, if you put those who did the same as the school rule.

Punishment for students and teachers is not a penalty for the student’s parents, but she does not dispose of it directly.

However, there is a range that is not black, although it is not said that the rule is gray zone.

“See, Elizabeth”

A twin-tail girl wearing a golden hair will whisper the student walking next to the student who saw the six students.

"Today, I will take a look at the hip drawer and take it with the princess."

"I'm not a princess. Last daughter of Duke Saulon!

I know. However, it is rumored even if you are aware of it.

“It’s a rumor! It’s true that her mother is the Princess of the Duchess of Saulon, who has the right to inherit the Duchess.”

In the early preparatory school, students from the aristocratic families are allowed to take advantage of their strengths and prosperity to take other students into their own party.

The power of the house is not the power of the student. However, the way to eliminate all the power of the house is not現実.

Discover the power of adventurers and join the party together. A young girl who is proud to be pure and supple and savvy is dead, and the good hands of the world who received excellent equipment is survived as the child of the rich aristocratic. There are several things in reality, and in that case, the wiseness is the latter.

Of course, there is no case that all the children survived because they were bound by strong bonds.

In the end, economic power and human pulse are just one of the criteria for judgement, and it is necessary to judge whether you can do it as a companion to see the power and personality of our people.

It is unclear whether Elizabeth Sauron and his hip drawers are there, but there are many.

7 people including the princess. Isn’t it the most common for school parties? One is the Samurai of the Duchess of Saulon, so it’s important to have a large number.

"Mushi, princess, samurai women, and more than us. Is there an average of four people after that?

...... It was a person who became a hot topic among students in spring.

“How did you do it? Isn’t it today?”

"It's different." I'm sure you're going to invite you!

"It's not like to invite you to meet in that way. What if Alex is misunderstanding?

I ignored her whispering school students and passed through Elizabeth, and I stopped finding the figure of the boys.

"Alex, today we want to hear a good story."

"...If you are, it's not."

Elizabeth, who takes care of the rolls and takes a high-flying attitude, Alex had a breath.

Alex. He is a boy from a rural village a little away from Orbaum. I can't see that the face is well-aligned, but the middle of the body is excellent.

However, it is a promising strain of top-class results among the last autumn students of Elizabeth.

Even though it is from rural villages not private school of dojo or magecraft, it is also used as a teacher [Kenju] and [Yukitsu] by the use of magecraft, "Already rank among D-class adventurers, comparable to Noya C-class adventurers", "Ten years, it is one genius in 100 years".

For this reason, it is rumored to have some unique skills or God’s protection. There is no doubt that the skills that the legendary dinosaurs have, or the protection of the Great God, which mitigates the difficulty of acquiring and growing both martial arts skills or magical skills.

However, there were only some rumors. He has a unique skill, but he was not rumored.

“I’m bad, but I’m not going to be a friend of you, even if you come several times.” And I'm a party. I got another place.

ALEX’s eye to elizabeth. It is the top skill of [Appraisal Magic Eye] to break the target status, [Appraisal Magic Eye].

Learn more about the skills: Alex has been using his own skill level to see how much experience can be acquired and leveled.

I checked the status details of my face reflected on the surface of the water and devised how to practice effective [Kenju] and [Kenju].

It took time to learn how to knead the magical power based on the book that was in the house of the chief village, but now it is acquired to attribute magic.

And when we look at the status of wild animals and find weak individuals, we狩 up the level, and we have taken home as a prey to the village, and we have been convinced of the village adults and came to this city prep.

Aiming to become a S-class adventurer.

Therefore, he was carefully selected by his colleagues using the maze of large appraisal. I am looking at the talents and unique skills that can become the masters of my own swords and magecraft, and 。 up their talents and build a party with confidence.

Of course, my colleagues consider not only talent but also trustworthy personality.

I bought a slave with a young friend from the same village, a friend who met me at this school, and a slave with no costs. No one was noticed before three people were seen in Alex.

However, when Alex 。s up his talent that he had sleeped in [Big Appraisal Magic Eye], he evaluates that he will surely raise his name as an adventurer in the future.

A slave girl purchased by Alex is not a student of this school, but slave is the owner's own, so it is possible to participate in the practice, so it is known to the students.

If you look at such an alex, Elizabeth is not far from the criteria to become friends. She has already confirmed her status many times, including the five of the hip drawers, but she was not selected even if she had a future.

(I don’t have any other talents, but I don’t know about it...)

Elizabeth has the ability to enter five fingers in this school student. If you are a D-class adventurer or a knight, you will be able to be active from now.

However, the time required from the current level to the next level is very long. It seems that it is already hanging on the wall of growth.

If you do not bend it, you will be able to class C, but you do not know if you can be class B or higher. And Alex saw that it would be impossible to become a class A.

Others are below. Samurai women fall apart from Elizabeth, and three men and women of Dwarf are the same or less as the average student of this school.

Of course, there are no unique skills. There is no talent that can a。n even if Alex is a friend.

That’s why I’m not thinking that I’m looking at Alex, Elizabeth doesn’t give up.

“I don’t have to worry about that. I want to join my party with your friends.

"...to be a total of 10 people. Do you have a slave member?

“I’m not sure about ten or more people.” There should be no number of party members. In addition, the adventurer is not self-development, but the power should be all."

Listening to the answers of Elizabeth, Alex added a positive correction to her rating for the first time.

There is no limit to party members as she says. The ルドld is at least three people, and if possible, it is desirable to be around five people. However, there are not many adventurers who are active with more than ten members.

It is not related to the adventurer. However, there are many students from aristocratic family, so there are many students who contempt slaves. Because slave is not a student, it is important to be in violation of school rules even if discrim . ......In the case of a specific harm, it will damage the property of the student who is the owner of the slave, so it will take some rest.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

After Elizabeth, the three boys of the girl have a face that seems to be frustrated somewhere. Well, they don’t care that Elizabeth is obsessive to Alex, so slave is like a マ.

“I’m bad, but I’m looking for new members.”

That said, Alex goes through Elizabeth’s side, so heels and proceed to another passage.

Candidates that Alex wants to invite new members are Pauvina Zakart, a large-scale newcomer who showed remarkable results in the spring entrance exam that was held before. Although I have not seen it directly, I have not confirmed the status, but I saw Alex as if I was comparable to myself, even if I underrated the rumors I heard.

The name of Zakart is the name of the fallen brave, and it is the mentor of the Dalcia of the Duchess of Alcrem, there is a danger that can be affected by the trouble of the temple and the aristocratic entanglement. However, it may be a person who is not spared to commit that danger.

I want to check her status first to see it.

If Elizabeth didn’t stand before, Alex was going to go to school for spring students.

“I can provide you with what you need! Isn’t it??”

However, Alex stopped because he said from Elizabeth.

There is still something you need to do with Alex, who has high strength and excellent fellowship. It’s economic power. It is necessary to consumables such as excellent equipment, magic items, and potions to stand at the top of the adventurer to increase the capacity and skill level.

Of course, you can earn yourself. If you are aiming for a S-class adventurer, you should be there. However, Alex is a minor and student. There is no limit on how to earn. Even though it is said to be comparable to the C-class adventurer, Alex believed that his strength is about the C-class lower level from the top D.

Therefore, it is not possible that you can earn money suddenly and without experience fighting with a rank of 5 or higher.

It is reasonable to earn while graduating from school, but if you have a good equipment in the present, you may be able to give your績 at once.

“I’m sorry for you.”

However, Alex moved his legs again and rejected Elizabeth. Because he already knew about Elizabeth.

Elizabeth is the last daughter of the former Duchess of Saulon, but the mother was recognized as the con  in a few days before the invasion of the Amid Empire. Because it is the eldest daughter of the knighter, it is not a common child, but the evaluation around is similar.

In addition, it is a tragic defeat with the reckless successor fight with the Duchess of Saulon, and it is cut into the aristocratic behind the shield, and it is the name of the adventurer school, and you need to increase your value.

Perhaps, as a condition that continues to aid from the aristocrat of the back shield, it was asked to take the best award of the school. The award is given to the students who have認d from the year.

However, she doesn’t have the power to earn it by herself. She knows it, so she is soliciting Alex.

I hope that you will be able to do it by pulling a fellow who was a student who was a 凡endous student into a top-class company in school immediately.

(You know that you can prepare for me.) However, it is only a troublesome thing if you are involved in the lower hand. ......I do 情 )

Recalling that the person who sold the information of Elizabeth was an aristocratic hand who had trouble when he was empowered by Elizabeth, Alex sipped.

When I was unable to hear the abuse of Elizabeth’s hip drawers on my back, my long and narrow boys rushed to him and voiced him.

ALEX Is it good?

The name of the boy is Robin. He is one of his fellow students from Alex.

Originally, it was a shield job, but the talent of [shield] is not despairing, and the unique skills of [genital genius: two-ear current] are sleeping, and now it is a boy who expresses his head as a special interoperability to shake two-way spears instead of axes and shields.

。 Do you know Elizabeth’s ロ Robin? Then, go to see the new rumors”

"Oh, it remembers. If the new students were rumorsed, they would like to invite them to their friends. So I heard that they were good......

“What is the relationship between Elizabeth and Paulina Zakart?

When Alex looked at Robin’s face, he was shy.

“In the seven Elizabeths, there is a dampire of his brother Pauvina Zakart.”

“Well!? Is it true?”

。 The student of Odeye is only one at this school."

“Oh, I’ve been increasing my colleagues at any time?”

ALEX has never noticed the presence of Vandalu, which was silent for a long time.

“What did you see? Did you know about Vandalu Zakart?”

Alex, who had never thought that he was a sleeved group, and he had a mix of brothers who were going to scout.

It is good to have less negative impression. I prayed, but I didn’t have God to respond to it.

"... I've always been silent and I've never seen anything before. No instantaneous, keep your eyes open. I don’t know whether it’s stolen, but it’s hard.”

Alex, who asked Robin’s answer, made his mind.

Time goes back a little before Elizabeth solicit Alex.

Vandalou had lunch in the corner of the school's vacant classroom.

“Is it impossible to have fun school life?”

Vandaloo, who was enrolled in a preliminary school, fell into bocce as flowing.

Vandaloo, another class with Pauvina, served as a partner to organize a party with new friends and practical training at school.

However, the classmates were deta。 because they didn’t try to follow the teacher.

It was first related to the fact that the central aristocratic tribes were trying to send their brothers closer to Vanderou.

Vandaloo is a class for students whose grade was not top class. I belong to the classroom where students of Giligiri passed from the average before and after. There are no aristocratic students in the classroom, but the students who are directly in the center of the aristocratic were not in the classroom.

They are in the classroom where students from the top grades of Paulina are集め. Therefore, the students from the classmate aristocratic were only a child who had a distance, saying, “The students around Vandalu Zakart are going to move with the intention of one person, so it is better not to approach before.”

And it was bad that Vandalou himself had too much to hide his strength.

If you are a student who wants to work together, you should be able to organize a party.

However, he was a self-introduction of his school day...

"I'm good at [Unattributed Magic], [Drivatives], [Throwing], and [Treads]. It is also a tailor, so I also have a 魔gue.

It was a problem. I just talked honestly about my field of expertise in the range that can be spoken as Vanderou, but I was different from receiving students.

[Unattributed Magic] is a mage that is commonly used for practice of Attribute Magic and is seen below. In fact, it is difficult to go up only with unattributable magic if there is no large amount of magic and high control power.

Other Attribute Magics are as follows: No matter how much control you have, you can’t expect it as a magician.

And the fighting technique and the throwing technique were met in the pioneer village of the Duchess of Hartner several years ago and heard from the fellow Kashim, but the adventurer is a very popular skill.

It is not enough to have a lot of life before you learn and fight with humans with physical abilities. In addition, even if it is said to be a jumping tool, the 射 distance is shorter than the bow, and the use of the throwing thing which is more expensive and bulkier than the arrows [throwing] is also a newcomer adventurer's ability and economic force.

I remember Vandalou, so this time I was also appealing as a taymer.

The level of wand surgery is not high, but it has reached the level of skill that students can attend more than enough. If you can add a 魔ed 魔er to your strength, you will be able to appeal to other students.

But actually, [cane art] was the evaluation between the adventurous people only "the protection of the magician".

If you are a warrior, use a spear, a spear, axe. There is no escort warrior who fights magic against the main weapon of the pole which is not effective to give a blow without the blade.

For this reason, when a magician is jammed with the enemy, it is a esthetic technique to earn time until the spell ends.

And in the case of Vandalou, the student knows as his obedience is rumored in Orbaum, the "mysterious plant-type magic" Isen. And undeaded that it was tasted with "cursed residence".

It is a great績 as a taymer. However, as a companion who has experience in combat that is not limited to practical practice, there is no worry about whether it is really reliable.

In addition, it is not to follow the tailor who is the owner.

In addition, I added a dumpire to have excellent physical ability, but Vandaloo was too much to take advantage of the test.

For this reason, other students evaluated Vandalou as “Unattributed Magical Techniques Only”, but the physical ability is high, but in the future it is not dependable as an avant-garde.

In addition, because Zakart’s name and mother are dark elfs that are rare as an honorary aristocratic, it is wary that students other than the aristocratic can get troubled, and “Let’s look at the appearance” was winded far.

Teachers do not try to improve their situation. The purpose of this school is not to give schoolwork to boys and、 in puberty. After graduation, it is the goal to grow up as an adventurer to survive the battle of life.

There are no conflicts between students and メs that exceed the degree, but there is no proactive interfere with the teachers.

That’s why Vandalou had lunch alone.

"I don't care about it, Vandaloo! Do you have it?"

“Is it a role that both the lower and lower humans have passed your own offering?”

Vandaloo, a ghost of light attributes that was a vampire before birth, was comforted by Chiplus and Dalok, recalled and resumed quietly.

"It's right."

“Yes, it’s right! And Vandalou’s offering is not human, but it’s not true to your body or our undeads.”

"Drawk, because I have agreed. Thank you very much.

“Happy!”

While doing such a conversation, Vandaloo focused on the spirits around us and the spirits in the world in the body.

This adventurous school is the best place to stay in Orbaum and the students and staff who are guided back to the school. It would be nice to think about it.

You will be allowed to work with other classes and other students. Just wait for it.

I didn’t think I could continue to make efforts to become friends with the students of the same class.

Because Vandalu himself, and Darcia and his friends were not aware of, but he doesn’t know how to pack away from others.

In the Earth, no one was able to make friends. And in “Origin” and this “Ramda” the spirits will be close to the dead attribute even if Vandaloo doesn’t do anything, but the leds will be communicating with them.

That’s why he only knows how to be close to him.

That’s why Elizabeth was able to add him to his friends by chance.

?」

The door of the classroom suddenly opened and several students came in.

“Who is she going to solicit him today?”

"Of course," I don’t know if I succeed, but I’ve got a new student, and if I’m looking for Alex, I can’t spread it again, and I’ll get more friends and solicit.

The entry was made by Elizabeth Saulon and his hip drawer. They started a strategy meeting to solicit Alex, without seeing Vandaloo in the corner of the classroom.

"But if you break the invitation of Elizabeth many times, it's a、ogant guy in the section of the plains."

“Is Elizabeth a merchant who is congratulating with their homes, but what do you do to ask them to borrow their parent brothers?”

I see. Even if you are 情ent, you only have to node if you have a family.

Vanderoo, who hears the words of the male students in the reel, saw that the contents of the strategy and the results of the results are becoming dangerous, and the voices of Elizabeth were included.

I don’t know the student’s experience, but I think it’s too bad to ignore.

“I’m sure you’re here! If you’re in school, you’ll be away, and if you’re a member of Alex, you’ll have to buy a grief!

I'm always saying, I'm sure you choose the means!

However, before that, Elizabeth himself scolded the men and fixed the track.

"I'm a lady!"

“I think it’s better to stop the school rule violations as you say Maheria, but it’s hard to keep him in、 with him forever?”

The samurai girl named Maheria is very acclaimed by the words of Elizabeth, but the girl of Dwarf seems to have a good feeling on her policy.

Elizabeth himself started to think that there is no meaning even if he continues to do so.

“It’s like to say Zona. However, the two of Alex’s fellows have been de、ed, and the one who remains is his slave, so I can’t solicit...”

“How about coloring?”

“He looks like he falls out of it? The eye to see us will not change the eyes and anything to men. And I just said that I chose the means?

Zona, a girl of dwarf standing in front of Vandalu's oblique, 眼ed by the semi-lens Elizabeth, and pulled down by the attitude of "Enjoy".

"But this is the tide. All Alex’s solicitation will be done this time.

Vanderou, who is surprisingly surprised by Elizabeth's speech, and has lost the opportunity to appeal the speech and self.

"But Elizabeth can use Alex's guys. If you use a person, graduation is not a dream!

You can graduate at any time if you take the necessary unit, regardless of the normal adventurer school. However, if she is admitted by the principal, Meolilis, she has given a letter of recommendation to the Kingdom of Orbaum and the result is awarded.

For some time, the student who obtained it was recognized by other students as the winner of the Best Short Award, the graduation of the principal seat.

It was not only elizabeth, but also many students. ......Vandalou did not have much interest, but I thought it would be bad to say using it.

“If you use unique skills to a、n someone else’s talent, you’ll be sure to have our 賞 Award.”

Vandalou decided to return to the corner of the classroom to convince that the words of Elizabeth would be like that.

“But if we are in this room, you should be able to win the trekking prize even if you don’t have any力をs!”

However, the movement of Vandalu took place in the words of Elizabeth.

If he thinks that he is possible only by himself in the words of Elizabeth, he remembered the contradiction of why he was soliciting Alex students many times.

(Is there anything that I have in the classroom?)

It is because I thought. By the way,ザsabス and the winders are still not aware of the appearance of Vandaloo, which releases a rare presence than air.

However, Vandaloo doesn’t realize what he was not aware of.

“If you’re Vandaloo, you’re able to get the best awards... it’s like you’re looking at this girl and human.”

"Hahahaha! The power of unity ~ is a wonderful friend! It was anti-suspicious every time I see! "

“T、 are silent! I don’t know what to think about Vandaloo, but I guess it’s a difference!”

Dalok is nodded by his arms, veiled suddenly sing, and Chi。s will stop Vanderlus desperately to remember dislike expectations.

“If solicitation fails, let’s work hard together!”

That said, Elizabeth stretches his hand. On her hands, the handles were aligned with “Yes!” Other than the samurai girl, you can see that you do not believe in the words of Elizabeth.

The dwarf girl is slightly stunned, and only three men are scenic to Elizabeth.

Yes

And finally, I got the hands of a boy like a dead fish.

?」

Elizabeth, who had not noticed the existence of Vandaloo, was refined to look at the eyes. She’s six people turn to Vandalou (who is you?) and a surprising gaze.

However, Elizabeth was surprised, but he thrusted from his bento box and a water bottle.

“I know, I’m also looking for a dependable partner, and I’m heading to Alex’s classroom now!”

Then, I look forward to seeing the existence of Vandalou from the beginning.

ザzabeth is a self-confidence house, but she was actually a timid and a small face. Even if Alex’s solicitation failed, it was a result of twisting the mouth to stop the solicitation.

For this reason, she had a bad habit to show herself a lot, and to hide her disappointment. Even if it was an unmistakable loss.

"I'm..."

Even though we were surprised by the presence of Vanderou, we were not able to 唱ite because Elizabeth knows, and we put it on her that moved and walked out.

And the elizabeth's take-up... Vandaloo, who is 思いed as a friend and de。ed bocce, followed her.

And now... Elizabeth had a little bit of innerness.

“It’s a surprisingly plain people! It’s impossible to do it...!”

“If you’re innocent, you’ll be in theところ.” That’s why you don’t know the countryside!

“I don’t have to worry about the hands of those who are unfamiliar. Like you said,

The men of the take-up said to their mouth, but I felt that the shoulder was a bit lighter if I think that it is the last thing that the solicitation was broken from Alex in front of them.

“Let’s enjoy him!” Let’s regret that we have broken our in  in the future.”

Sona talks to Vandalu at the back of Elizabeth, which makes a sense of openness and men’s mouth.

“What do you think about it? I’m always silent.”

“No, I’m thinking about the same thing as her.”

Vandaloo still does not know the reputation and rumor of Alex. However, he didn’t care about his attitude.

Alex’s attitude to say that it is impossible not to focus on yourself. Honestly, this boys' attitude is also quite a problem, but it was still unpleasant to subtract it.

Vandaloo is aware that he is a school that stimulates his trauma to his impressions, and that he has also influenced the feelings he remembered in Elizabeth.

That’s why Alex doesn’t do anything else. Not to harm him directly, but not to interfere with practice or take a family to human nature. Don’t whisper the clue even if harassed.

"So I think I will do my best a little."

It’s just a little bit serious about school life.

(Although likelihood is not given directly to him or Elizabeth’s recent award contest because it is different from the time when I enrolled with Alex.)

“I’m just a little bit? I’ve noticed it now, but the eye and the color of the hair... But Vandaloo Zakart?”

"Yes, I was late. Vandaloo Zakart

"I really like you!? I'm a little, ... Elizabeth!?"

On this day, Dandrip, Meolilis, and the central noble 震kes ran.

―――――――――――――――――――

Name: Alex

Type: Human

Age:13

Name: None

Job : Witch

Level: 37

Job history: apprentice , apprentice magician, warrior, magician

・Passive skills

Strength:1Lv

Poison Resistance:1Lv

・アクティブe skills

Trap:1Lv

brutal footLvLv

Dismantling:1Lv

Bow: 4Lv

Cooking:1Lv

Swords: 4Lv

Magic Control Lv

術Lv

Optical Attribute Magic: 1Lv

Lv

Magic: 1Lv

Unique skills

の

●Skill Commentary:【Large Appraisal Magic Eye】

The top unique skills of the appraisal. [Appraisal maze] breaks the status of the presence that has been recognized, but [Appraisal maze] can see more detail about how much job level and skill level appearing in the rude status will rise later.

In addition, it is possible to overlook the talents that are not yet shown in the status.

For example, if you look at a certain adventurous-oriented boy with [Appraisal Magic], you can see the ability of a boy and the skills currently possessing.

However, in the case of a large appraisal maze, you can see how much your skill will grow from 1 to 2 levels.

One year if you are only trained. It takes a month if you practice Goリン, Horn ビット, etc. for more than half a year, and once a week. You can see this.

In addition, you can see the skills that the boy has not yet possessed ... each magic skill and how many other martial art skills will be acquired later.

Alex has improved his skills by identifying whether he or she is suitable for his or her skills, and finding ways to train efficiently.

In the same way, we are looking at unique skills and talents that are not 。 up by others.

However, this skill may be deprived of others by transplanting the eyes, the same as other magical skills.

In addition, since it is a skill based on visual, it is necessary to keep the subject in the field of view in order to continue watching the status.

If the power of the owner of this skill is not far from the target, a part of the character of the target status or all characters will not be read.

The Saga Forest 4th Anniversary Fair starts from June 13th, and you will receive a special offer with SS! The benefits you can receive differ depending on the store you purchase, so please check the Saga Forest official website for details of the fourth fair.

In addition, on June 22nd, two copies of my work will be sold by Kenyo Kojima. I hope you can take it.

Next story will be posted on June 23rd.