Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 409: Final interview with Vandalieu, who has no escape even in Origin

The problem of post-war processing and dialogue with the sinners of the sinners, such as the dialogue with the Giarodips was cleared.

In addition, there are various problems such as the trend of Nine Road and its followers, the gods of the remaining Alda power, and the wicked gods of the enclosed Devil's remnants.

However, Vandaloo faced a big challenge in the world.

What is it? What can I do now?

“I can’t, my Lord!”

"National power, work by intelligence organization, etc.",

“I’m sorry, my Lord!”

President Sergey answered his hands on the shoulders of Vandalu, which he clarified.

"Unfortunately, we are democratic. It is not possible to deny the request that the national wishes the symbol of Vandaloo.

And I'm also involved in the president.

A trial faced by Vandalou. It was that people around the world wanted to be a symbol of Vandaloo.

Prayer from the world of origin to Vanderou, a major factor in determining victory in the fight against Alda and Bellwood.

In order to respond to the prayers, Vanderou sent a message of thanks to you, “I could win because of you” by dreaming to people through the god of the world.

As a result, ORIJEN’s faith in Vanderou, the world’s people, increased国境ly and accelerated beyond borders and human species.

And the symbol of faith in Vanderou... I wanted something that is the center of faith, such as holy places and statues.

And in the United States where Sergey is the president, the theme park of Vandaloo was decided.

“Sergey, is you involved in the world of the President? Is it a religious corporation that believes me that is led to the construction of the theme park? Where is the political separation?”

A religious corporation of Vanderou, who was able to do some time in the world. It is a group formed by connecting people who have applied Vandalou through net etc.

Of course, the President is prohibited by law to make it convenient for the world of origin, not through parliament.

“I thought it would be better to put it in one place rather than being dotted in each state. In addition, it is for society rather than using the name of the Lord who is only interested in gaining profit without faith.

In addition, I don’t have to go through the parliament because I donate to myself.

For this reason, Sergey was involved within the scope of law.

It is the people who Vandalou gave the protection to it. For Sergey, who knows Vandalou, therefore, deserves credit rather than letting others leave.

"Oh, I can't win the civil intentions."

The word of Sergey was not found, or Vandaloo fell on the floor. Sergey reflexively refused to support, but the vandalous body of depowered was not掴 like a slime, and it was broken down the finger.

“Lord, there are countries and organizations that are moving to the construction of facilities for faith in the Lord other than our country. Some countries are not democratic. What should I do?

“I know that there is such a country.” However, I don’t have a direct connection with the government because of such a country.”

Sergey remembered the g ing sense of superiority and porcelain to the answer of Vandaloo, which he said to be defeated.

As a result of the selection, the Lord has decided that he can not relax in front of him and meet his wishes. Glory in the United States

And in fact, Vandaloo is trusted to choose his position as the president, and he says to him.

“Bander’s Man!”

Beside Vanderou, the dwelling falls on the floor and petal. By the way, the bender that is possessed by her does not move down.

"I'm going to sleep on the floor."

She is not a mother who scolds such a spirit, but a brother's Expo. They now stayed in a suburban house prepared by Sergey, the country of origin.

“It’s not a ground?”

“It’s important for the floor.” This country is normal to have no shoes in the house."

“I’m afraid.” Please leave your shoes in your home. You want to sign the presidential decree during today. We ask you to prepare documents and make speeches. Contact Us

Sergey to move instantly. He was faithful to the deity (the priestess) than Vandalu.

It may be the same as Pluto, who helped his son.

"Wow!? I'm waiting!"

“President! It’s too fast! Let’s sign it three days later!”

“I don’t have to sign it! Don’t forget to stop it either in Bander or Vandaloo!”

The secretary brought by Sergey was also a enthusiasm. I realized that I was not around the common senses.

Sergey, calm. If you sign the presidential decree and stop wearing shoes in the room, the absolute parliament will disappoint.”

"Please rest。, Lord." The majority of the members dedicate the Lord, and the remaining half of the members are only the mouth, but they believe.

"I did, it was."

In addition, it is not only here that there is a enthusiasm. The majority of the members of the Government of the United States. They exist regardless of the party and the党position, and they unite with the daily interest relationship in the matter of Pluto. After 結ding, if the problem is cleared up, the interest relationship placed on the shelf will be restored.

The remaining half of the members are those who have made a , such as praying, thanking Vandalu and Pluto in the speech during the election activities. It is obviously a fashion faith for elections, but in a sense they are a politician who is logical and dependable.

There are only a few Vandaloos among the voters who won them. There are many other privileged people.

However, it was revealed that the former president, the former Vice President, and the government officials sold the people to Rokudo-san. For this reason, the existing political party had almost lost support from the voter.

On the contrary, the voters supported the Vandalu, who believed to protect the world of the nation, and whose dream is to cross with God.

However, since it was an election in the global political uncertainty, Vanderou prayed that in the next election, voters will be able to choose the vote by emphasizing public relations, policies and previous実績s.

Let’s stop the president. Even if the parliament passes, it will be an absolute opposite person."

And the anti-Cergey...The anti-Vandalooism is born all over the world soon. It is not developed only by fighting the discussion in each country. However, it is not the limit if Sergey says it is because of the dignity.

“President, Gomenne”

"No, Pluto." You don't have anything wrong. I need to worry about my brother, sayingクs. That’s right?

"Yes, the president. I'm sorry to get on the大統領 of the previous president."

And, there is no intention to change the culture of the country to the strongest, so immediately the situation was calmed.

"Bander and Vandalou are also very interesting. My father and mother are not able to speak strongly in front of me."

"Beware after"

However, the problem of Vandalou has not been s、rated or solved. However, for a while, it is probably not sedimentation for a decade.

Not only the United States, but also other countries, Vandalou-related facilities can not be stopped. The only thing you can do is wait for time to pass.

(You may have left the Earth)

Earth. The world where Vandaloo lived the first life. Now that I got various recipes and knowledge, it was a world with no residue, but the people of "Earth" have not yet recognized Vandalou. In this sense, the Earth is becoming an important place for Vanderou.

However, it is the end if Vandaloo goes to the earth.

Vandaloo, who leads the person who is unconsciously波長, will lead the human being of the Earth even if he does not do anything there, even if he stays still without moving one finger.

And maybe it will be the same situation as this "original".

“The Gods of the Earth” will be sued together with “Do not come!”

“I wanted to be a honorary aristocrat with social fame, but when did you do God?”

“Oh, I don’t know it, but it’s so famous.”

"Yes, everyone knows about the banders."

Vandalou, a distant eye, listened to the words of the Expo and the Pluto, but it seems to be almost the cause of Lodo Corte, but I thought that there was no Lodo Corte, so I decided to stop the hairlessness.

More than a decade after the revenge of Vanderou ended, the Orbaum Kingdom officially surrendered the Duchess of Fazon.

Before that, two female S-class adventurers and one A-class adventurer group, and the girl of the dumpire disappeared.

"It seems to be going out of the continent by ship." I didn’t hear the destination, but no one is going to follow, and I wouldn’t like to follow it.”

It is true that he reports as if he saw it, but he actually tried to go out from the continent to the revival diana and jennifer of the "five-colored blade" and the sele。 of the dumpil.

It was good. I didn’t want to see her again.

Vendoru asked Randoruf to contact them for their purpose. However, it is a unique judgment of Randolph that prompted us from the continent.

However, Vandalou asked if it is Randolph.

However, if Sele  stops at the Alda Temple of the Duchess of Fazon, it may be punished by the name of taking responsibility for the War of the Duchess of Fazon or killed by a resent. That’s not interesting for Vandaloo.

Vandalieu just doesn't want to see Seren and the others again, he doesn't want them to die. On the contrary, now that he has become a god, he even wants them to continue living forever in the future. Even if there are tens of thousands of years... no, hundreds of millions or even trillions of years, I want you to remain in this world.

Because... if I die, my soul might come before me.

By the way, from Vandalieu's point of view, the person responsible for starting the war...the holy war was none other than the ``God of Law and Life'' Alda himself. Arda gave an oracle and incited the believers of himself and his subordinate gods to start a war.

However, even if he said that, the current Duke Fazon would probably only end up being publicly executed, or dying from an illness after he retires (inciting a poisoned cup).

“Anyway, did you give me what I asked for?”

"Ah. I did give them their hair."

Then, Vandalieu asked Randolph to deliver Heinz and Deliza's hair to Seren. He hoped that by doing this, Seren and the others would feel less resentful towards him.

Fortunately, the girls didn't know that it had eaten Deliza's brain from the inside, taken over her body, and attacked Heinz.

“Then, this will be your request fee.”

"I certainly received it. However, I won't be taking any requests for a while. I'll seriously retire from being an adventurer and become a drummer."

"It looks like we'll be seeing each other often."

Incidentally, after this, Randolph receives voice training and dance lessons from Kanako for some reason, and ends up on the path to becoming a reluctant male idol.

Meanwhile, on the side of the Amid Holy Nation, although the Holy Nation has not yet officially surrendered... Mashkuzar and his family have been handed over to each of the three vassal states other than the Mirg Shield State, so the independence movement will likely intensify from now on.

In one of Vandalieu's internal worlds, isolated from the outside world, the ``Evil God of Cursed Poison'' Dopopesepaluo was confused.

“What do you mean? Why do you miss me? What's more, even the fragments of Guduranis' soul that were nested in my soul were removed.''

"I didn't mean to miss it. This place is isolated from the outside world. Unless you use spatial attribute magic, you won't be able to go outside."

When Vandalieu told him that, Dopopesepaluo looked around once again. All around us, the terrain looked more like a desert with rolling rocks than a wasteland with no plants growing, and gray clouds hung in the sky. There is almost no wind, and the place feels like it has no value.

The only characteristic is that the entire area is a pseudo-divine realm, so it is possible to stay on the ground without consuming any power.

『……』

So, Dopopesepalo had a strong poison. Vichabicha and bright green and purple colourful toxins are poured into the ground and the poisonous purple fog rises to the sky.

When Vandaloo was half-eye, it took a distance from Dopopese Paro, which was left behind without saying.

It was a little messy. So, what is going to do in my future? The answer is not the answer that has been unenclosed by just about what place this is, without destroying us.

Dopopeseparo did not intend to attack Vandalou. However, there is only a place that is harmless and tasteless and dried for poison and medicine.

It is close to the feeling of decorating ornamental plants and interiors in a風景ery room. ...... It will understand how dangerous Dopopesepalo exists because of the fact that it has made a 防endous poison such as instantaneously sucking or pulling in the deficiency of the ordinary person in such a sense.

“Is there any concern to ask for an issue? I think it’s not good even if it’s considered an attack to me.”

Even if Vandalou did such a protest, Dopopeseparo was not at all concerned.

This poison should be equal to just water and hot water for you who have 魂ed the souls of Gudulanis and fl。s. Or was it more appropriate to treat a vulnerable musicera?

In addition, it was a result of demonstrating the  endous poison in front of Vanderou. Vandaloo is also surprised and looks back.

At first g , I saw nobody else except him and Dopopese Paro.

“Vandaloo is great, I think it’s not going to be beaten early.”

Gwhadghan, the wicked god behind him, without his sound.

“I think it’s better to watch myself... but I think it’s still early if you consider the purpose of the meeting.”

I agree. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. After talking about the case, I will say "

In addition, after her, the “God of the Dragon” Fidi Lug, the time and the magic of the art, Rikuko appeared.

Dopopeseparo had not remembered most of the Fidi Lug, but it was firmly kept in the memory of Rikula, the Great God. I was wondering whether I could not understand whether it appeared before my enemy after being dissolved from the seal.

"Doppese Paro, the future is the interview. We will decide whether or not you can do this as God of the world.

Then, Vandalu had an interview with God of the Dead Party, which was sealed, such as the Hindu Pope Zepalo, who prepared this place.

There are several Gods that Vandalu thinks that it is better to destroy with Gods of Alda forces, such as the "God of Ice" Yupeon and "God of Innocents" Nirtark. And there are many gods of the Vida family who just 、 up from the seal and have not recovered power. It takes time for a person to become a new God.

For this reason, Vandalou and Rikula Daejeon came to the idea that it should be accepted if you are willing to do it as a majestic god in this world by following Zakart.

However, I think it would be impossible to do it.

All pillar disqualification. Lucky if you pass one pillar. That’s what you think.

You can always try it before you lose it.

The nuance was also transmitted to Dopopesepalo. There were no enthusiasm that Vandaloos wanted themselves as a substitute, and they needed their abilities.

This meeting is like a confirmation that should be done in mind before death. If you miss the sp、 thread that dripped in front of you, you will be destroyed by the soul like Gduranis.

What is the world of God? laughs...I'm...

After understanding it, I was laughing and laughing, but I drew all the business poisons that I had originally developed, and remembered that there was a presence saying "delicious".

Over tens of thousands of years ago, Dopopesepalo, who was led by Mao Gudulanis and appeared in the "Ramda" world, thought that it is only a vulnerable organism that is not worth living, that is not tolerated by the weakest poison in the world.

The recognition was unchanged even though it was sealed by theウッド Bellwoods.

There is no ugly slightness that devises to prevent poisoning. To prevent poisons by relying on tools, it is only evidence that can not withstand poison as a seed and as a life.

However, the 形の of the opposite shape was dried all the strongest poison that the Dopopesepalo was praised by the full force without using the magic.

It would have been impossible to make Dopopesepalo a tribe that was dedicated to the world of the Devil.

(Is it wrong for us to judge that this world’s organism has no value for survival?)

If it is not so bad, the poison flows instead of 揺king too cold and sweat.

“I didn’t respond silently, so let’s talk together with us.”

On the other hand, Vandaloos had no reaction to what Dopopese Paro did. Vandaloo was divided in front of him and danced with phydilg and bizarre dance, and it was no longer moved to Pikuri.

"There is a person who has an opinion about Dopopesepalo. First of all, Gufadghan

“Wonderful, great Vanderou!”

Over tens of thousands of years ago, as a god of the world of “Ramda” ... more than a guilty of Vandalu’s backward, but you should hear valuable opinions.

"Doppeseparo's poison can be a threat to humans, organisms and magics of the world, as well as subdivisions. [Tox resistant] and [状態 abnormality resistance] of course, [Tox invalid] and [状態 abnormality invalid] The owner of the skill will also have some negative effects.

“Well, is it?”

“If you can detoxify the toxicity that Dopopesepalo has made a real thing, you will not be a major executive of the Mao army.”

"Our main power before summoning the者ves is God, Spirit, Meaning, and Spirits that have no physical body except subdi、."

“This is because we can poison the existence that cannot be poisoned, so we were entrusted with Gudulanis. Marduk and Zebra, and Gampapurio came to endure the poisons that were released with full force."

In Vandalou, the three figure of the present future is explained in each mouth.

If you say, you can’t believe that Gudulanis has no effective means of attack against God.

Dopopeseparo is directly s。rated with magic, and in front of genuine business poison, it is not easy to rest in the skill level, and if you take a long or large amount of poison, it is dangerous to prevent and die.

How did you seal the Dopopesepalo?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

Poison of dopopesepalo is poisonous. Prevent physical contact and suction unlike curse.

“Where did Bakunawa continue to drink and dry all its poisons? And I’m probably flat.”

"T』 are special or exceptions"

That's it.

I thought that it is dangerous because it is a presence that can make dangerous poisons other than Vandalu and Bakunawa.

“But the poison that the 、s do not matter.” I can’t feel the intention of becoming a god of this world.

Great Vanderoo, what if you have a will. On the other hand, if there is no will, it will not be.

The reason why Gwhadghan judged that he did not expect Dopopese Paro was that he could not think of his intention to coexist in this world.

The reality is not changed only by psychology. However, there is no need to change the reality. God

If there is a will to adapt to this world, it will be surprising even the wicked gods coming from another world. It has proved that Gphadoghan himself, Fidi Lug, and not in this place, but "the deity of the sinners" Giarodips.

You can change the nature, meet new followers, and find new ways of being. It is natural that you may experience the pain that you want to endure with changes, but because it adapts to a completely different world from the born world, it is.

For this reason, there is no way to prepare for the Dopopeseparo himself. It is possible to say that it is impossible to threaten, but it does not last long. Let's look at the gap and escape.

“I’m so satisfactory.”

"However, the meaning of this meeting is not at first"

“You should decide whether you can become a new brother, or even more time.”

And Likguin said the opinion on the claims of Ghadghan.

The opinions of Gphadoghan are correct, but the interview is the main part of the Gwhadghan army and its distribution that Alda had left asleep while solving seals. Their time was almost tens of thousands years ago when Mao Gudulanis had been healthy. And before this, there was a missing part of the soul of Gudulanis by Alda.

It is impossible to think about adapting to this world because it is just waking up with the seal again from such a condition. I'm thinking that it's time to spend more time.

“So, I think I’m just deciding whether the judgement of beauty ugly or goodness can withstand poison.”

“In our world, there were Gods whose judgement criteria such as beauty ugly, goodness, superiority, and discomfort are 纏 up in one place.”

“The most of these Gods didn’t lend their ears to Zakart’s story, and they didn’t want to turn to Vidah after they survived the war, so they don’t have a single pillar in the Vidah now.”

"It is a fairy that the criteria for different values are put together in one place."

Poison-bearing existence is beautiful and resistant to poisons is good and strong.

On the other hand, the presence that cannot withstand poison is ugly, bad, inferior and uncomfortable.

Vandalou does not judge beauty ugly, goodness, superiority or discomfort only by muscle. The value criteria for Dopopeseparo was only interesting for him.

“By the way, is that one person…?”

“Of course she is.”

Furthermore, the same type of god as Dopopezepaluo in the Vida faction is Gufadgarn, the ``evil god of the labyrinth'' that Fidirg pointed to with his eyes.

In her case, the criterion is not whether she can withstand poison or not, but Vandalieu. Perhaps the reason why she is so strict with Dopopezepaluo is because she is aware of the danger of beings like herself who only have one standard.

"Now then, let's take a little more time to talk."

However, if I consider Vandalieu to be the same as Gufadgarn, I can understand him to some extent...I can't empathize with him, but I feel like I can imagine him thinking, ``This is what he thinks.''

Therefore, I am thinking of continuing the dialogue with Dopopezepaluo a little longer.

``...What's going on with that dragon? ”

However, before that, Dopopezepaluo spoke to me.

"Are you talking about Bakunawa?"

It seems that Dopopezepaluo was right in referring to him as "that dragon," assuming that it was none other than Bakunawa, who continued to drink his poison until he was sealed away.

``Is it called Bakunawa? That dragon drank all of the poison I secreted that poisoned even gods, a poison that even Demon King Guduranis could withstand but would never touch himself, thinking it was delicious.''

While saying this, Dopopezepaluo looks off into the distance. At the same time, Ricklent and Fidirg's eyes stare into the distance as they realize once again how substandard Bakunawa is.

"Yeah, what's wrong with that Bakunawa?"

``After that, did you lose consciousness, have your organs rot, or vomit blood? ”

"No, I'm full of energy."

At this moment, I am having a picnic with my sister-in-law Elizabeth and her party members. I offered him a snack, saying, ``It's delicious~'' and he refused with all his might.

Furthermore, the snack that Bakunawa recommends to Elizabeth and the others is the snack demon king...in other words, Vandalieu's alter ego.

“I see…. What kind of existence is that Bakunawa? It probably didn't exist when I came to this world.''

"He is the son of me and Tiamat."

Dopopezepaluo was silent for a while after hearing that answer, and then suddenly landed on the ground. Then, he spoke in a mysterious manner.

“You… no, I will submit to you. You are free to devour their souls and destroy them, or make them your servants. I misjudged the inhabitants of this world.''

It was a sudden reversal, but Vandalieu knew this would happen from the moment he was asked about Bakunawa, so he asked without being surprised.

"Just to be sure, why did you think that?"

``Of course, your child is Bakunawa. Drink up my poison, call it delicious, and use it as sustenance. That dragon is a supreme being that transcends everything.''

For Dopopezepaluo, whose standard of value is whether or not he can withstand his own poison, Bakunawa was equal to the supreme being.

To the current Dopopezepaluo, Bakunawa is a supreme being, more beautiful, righteous, greater, and more valuable than all beings, including his former master Guduranis.

There is no way that the existence of this world that nurtured Bakunawa is not worth living.

In other words, the judgment he made 100,000 years ago was wrong.

"Then, as the new god of this world, I'd like you to change worlds instead of changing jobs...what should I do?"

``No matter how you look at it, it's a big problem to have them stay around normally.''

Approximately 100,000 years have passed since the time when Dopopezepaluo went on a rampage, and the only beings who directly hold a grudge against him are probably the gods.

However, due to the uniqueness of its doctrine, it is difficult to imagine that it can survive in human society. The same goes for the society of Vida's new race. There are races that are strong against abnormal conditions including poison, but they do not like poison.

After thinking about it... I decided to create an artifact as a substitute and have Bakunawa stay with me.

In addition, all of the other evil gods that Arda implanted with Guduranis' soul fragments and broke the seal were disqualified as a result of the interview.

Sorry for being late every time.

A comic version of my work by Kenhiro Kojima is scheduled to be updated on July 24th. We would appreciate it if you could view it on Niconico Seiga or Comic Walker.