Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 373: Encounters in the season of encounters and partings

For her, it was an act that requires a deter。. The other party has a  to harm you, and there was a heart that you are doing.

“Yes, it’s a Vidha style after that. Thank you for your continued support.

However, Vandaloo had accepted the gods who gave up to the candidates who left in Orbaum.

"In this way, we will talk about the contents of the shrine entrusted to Hendriksen and the temple officials, the change points of the doctrine, the reform of the temple, etc."

“No, it’s right? I’ve been thinking about sharing a contract, dedicating myself, and doing so.”

』

The elk was not able to conceal puzzles by looking at the vandaloo, which is a double-larger form than their own.

“Because we are told to the gods of the Alda force according to the dropping, whether we come to a saddle change from the Vidas.”

I asked you to do not destroy it correctly, but Vanderou explains it with a soft expression because it is the place where the story is well covered.

It is natural that he will not destroy the gods without the reason to destroy because he is troubled by the maintenance and management of this world by destroying Gods too much.

“I don’t want to eat Gods and people’s souls.” One way to defeat the enemy.

And I don’t know you’re an enemy. ......If you judge strictly, you should think of the enemy.

Elk has chosen and trained candidates for Hendriksen as a fight against Vandaloo. At this point, it is enough to determine the will of the enemy, but not directly harmed...... Rather, Hendriksen is fighting to protect Olbaum under the command of Miriam.

In addition, Elk did not interfere with the purpose of Vanderou, such as the “God of Ice” yupeon, and did not directly宣言 the enemy of the demons. In addition, it is not actually contradicted and killed, like the "the giant of thundering" Brateo and "Okai Ryujin" Maduroza.

Of course, we know that Elk is a member of Alda. She is the believer of Alda and his obedience, and the presence of God after death. In other words, it was a side to repress Vida believers and new races from when he was human.

However, if you decide whether or not the enemy is based on it, the gods of the Alda force will be defeated, but what to do becomes the enemy. It is not real.

"So, I think there is a thing I think, and I think that the gods of the Vida family are difficult to accept you as a companion immediately, but it is important to win the trust with the future of you.

Of course, I will cooperate with you more than I accepted."

You may be asked to pay, and you may learn resistance to things that do not impose conditions. However, I have to solve it by myself. Vandaloo is just working together.

However, since I am not fully trusted by you, I can’t beat any future plans. It is not limited to those who believe in God. Just like that, you can’t trust God who trusts.

There are people who are good for Alda believers. Vida believers were also discrim  Vida’s new family. Like that, Hendriksen is reliable, but it is impossible to fully trust Elk because they are dedicated.

Elk, who understands the words of Vandalou, and cannot convince them that they are too good for them, claimed:

。 However, if you don’t have anything to do it, you’ll get a lot of trust from the gods of Vida.

Therefore, I would like to make a contract and pledge to form and force, but it is impossible. Therefore, I will leave this spear.

That’s why Elk gave her own symbolic Holy ar towards Vanderou.

』

"I'm this pen"

"Our Gods"

"I have this seedling and seed paddy"

Then, the gods whose other candidates are devoted to the Elk will also send out the symbols and器s that are important to themselves.

"I'm sorry, but please wait a little."

However, it is trouble even if it is plugged out as Vandaloo. Now he is leaving the body, and he is coming to the gods. I don't know whether I can return to the body while I receive the symbols of God and the器.

If you have a physical body, you need to worry about the storage place of a large amount of器. Not only spears, canes, pens, etc. There are生きatures like bulls (?), seedlings and rice paddies.

It is a big problem if there is something in the important thing because there is a clue on the management of this.

So Vandaloo thought that he would like to overcome this situation with a contract that Elk had taken care of before he 槍ed the spear.

"...I don't know, if possible, I would like to make a contract, can you tell me if I can't make a contract, and how can I do it?"

However, Vandaloo didn’t know about the contract that Gods exchange.

“No, it’s natural that I don’t know about the contract that humans interact with Gods.”

When Vandalu said that he was surprised by his face, Elk showed more amazed.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. I think it is natural to think that I know more about God because it is in an environment where there is a lot of chance to meet with Vida and Zurwan people, mother is a vida and get knowledge.

Actually, I asked you about the regeneration of the ring.)

“Peria, don’t you tell me?”

Vandaloo talks to Pelia, the Goddess of Water and Knowledge, as a場 of s.

。 The contract is a promise to be crossed between the gods who do not have a physical body, and you are managed by Alda. “The God of Light and Law”

According to it, the contracts that are crossed between Gods seem to have managed by Alda basically. God swears in front of Alda, and if it is broken, Alda knows it and punishes the broken God. Alda has a demonstration of the “Pile of Law” that punishes Gods, so it was a good idea.

“I know that I can’t do it now.”

However, it is a modern struggle with the Vida and Alda forces, and it is not possible to cross a contract in front of Alda.

“But it’s a problem if you suddenly leave the gods, so it’s better to keep them in Vida instead of me? The other thing is that you’ll be able to take care of what you’re missing in Vida.

。 And if you can do it, we will take care of the missing roles.

To earn trust, Elk said, of course, that he thought he should do anything that is needed first, for the liquidation of past actions.

The Guardian of the Magical Girl

"Happy worship... What is now?"

The Guardian of the Magical Girl Is there any change in milliam or リニアarin?

In the Vida family, the lack of God who controls the magical girl who fights with the variants developed by Vandaloo was a problem.

For example, in the case of a warrior, there is God who controls various aspects of the warrior, such as the God of the Warrior, the God of the Swords, and the God of the Swords. And there are also gods who control the job派 from the warrior, such as "Knight God" and "God of the soldiers".

Of course, even if there is no such gods, the job of the warrior does not disappear, and there is no way that the warrior already exists.

If you need a variety of gods who are responsible for the warrior, it is because you need a devoted believer.

If you want to become a warrior, I would like to pray to the god of the warrior, and I would like to play the edge. But is it enough if the God of the Warrior is one pillar? However, it is not true in reality.

The more the number of warriors increases, the more the number of warriors is born. Axes, not swords, but swords.

A person who jumps to the enemy first, and a person who puts a huge shield on the contrary to protect the companion. In addition to martial arts, fighters will appear.

There are some people who have a shining beauty and dignity in the battlefield, who are charismatic, who conducts their companions rather than a simple brave,戦う to fight against the weaker in the back even in an absolute状況 situation.

A wide variety of warriors ask for God that suits you.

In other words, it means the variance of the warrior that God is diverse.

The magical girl continues to grow in progress and gains diversity. In the Vidal Magic Empire, it has been very popular as a job where Dalcia and   Princess Miriam, which are the “incarnation of Vida” in Orbaum. In fact, Miriam does not acquire magic skills but does not have a history of working as a job.

In this world, there is no default concept of “magic girl” The condition is that you are using the material.

Therefore, it is interpreted that the magical girl would be a magical girl, even in the Emperor's mother and grandson, the princess (the z e in two meters tall).

In addition to fighting with magecraft, sing, dancing, fighting with martial arts, and fighting with martial arts, it is [magical girl].

There are a variety of things that can be used as spears, swords and axes by transforming into physical weapons, as well as functions as magecraft media.

It is a matter of time that the magical girl acquires diversity like an existing warrior or magician. There are many chapters that comment that "I want to be a magical girl" because it is different from the existing magician in the 術ld of the Kingdom of Orbaum selection, so it is not a subspecies of the magician.

But there are still few gods who control the magical girl.

First of all, Dalcia is a magical girl, so it is natural that "the goddess of life and love" Vida is believed as a goddess of magical girl. Next, “The Magic God of Time and Art”, a god of sex or bisexuality, is believed as the guardian deity of the magical girl.

“The Goddess of Water and Knowledge” Peria, and “The Mother God of Earth and Crafts” Botin, and “The God of S。ula” and “The Wick of Sludge and Tent。” Melebébail and “The Goddess of Darkness” Zelzelia, etc.

This is the “Moon Giant” diana song that received a beautiful transformation.

And Vanderou, the creator of the costumes necessary to become a [magic girl], is actually treated as a god of [magic girl]. ......When you say to Kanako, it seems to be recognized as a fairy samsing that gives more transformable items than God itself.

In fact, it is impossible to be recognized like that because it will become a force when you consult "I want to become a magical girl" to the use magical king in the dynamic area of Vidal Magic Empire.

However, there are few people who are still looking for the god of [magic girl] in human society. Even though it is famous in the Vidal Magic Empire, there is God who is not faith in the Kingdom of Orbaum and God who is only faith in a limited region.

I don’t know how many thousand years it takes when I wait for people to come to God from [magic girl] to nature. So we are looking for God of the magical girl."

Vandaloo説明ed the explanation of the elk that was extinct. However, even after a while, the elk remains hard, so continue to open the mouth.

"Of course, I don't say it is impossible." I don’t have to understand God’s circumstances.

It does not cause a large obstacle even if there are few gods of magical girl. I just thought and thought about it, there is no deep meaning in this proposal.

That said, the other gods who watched elk were still surprised. Vandaloo interpreted that it would be a surprise to the things that he was trying to ク his proposal.

For those who are the gods of the former Alda forces, their impressions are not very bad. To think so, Vandalou had breathed up because of the inner mind that it seems to be difficult to interact with God.

"No, no, the great role, and the 拝endous life."

However, he will pledge to join the guardian deity of the magical girl while the elk revived from the hardness drifts sadness.

“I’m waiting for you! You shouldn’t have a burden!”

"We want you to be able to play the roles!"

Gods of other candidates to continue.

I see. It is natural that there is a burden than obtaining a new role. It was a problem to ask for elk only.)

Vandaloo looked at his appearance, and he rebeled.

......

Look back and see other gods.

Will the gods who are devoted by the candidates left in Orbaum still play a new role as the guardian deity of the magical girl?

"Oh, it might be a 、、 who sucked the mouth as a standing person, but it's a little better?"

However, before that, Pelia had a mouth.

"Of course"

Thank you. Vanderou, in the era when God can not easily get off on the ground like now, it is important that the order is to get the role that God originally did not have.

In the case of becoming a god of a magical girl, it is a burden if you do not think that "elk is also a god of a magical girl" from the elders of Hendriksen, rather than working as "the god of a magical girl"

God’s right is determined by prayer from the believers. That’s why God is a change by human beings.

When he was human, he worked with a holy spear, and he gave a lot of績s in marvel and beauty. After death, he sublimated from the 。 to the status of God, and he was devoted as the goddess of the 術ine and 術ar.

However, it is also called the goddess of the princess, the guardian deity of the woman who is fighting from the fact that Elk was the birthplace women knight.

In Japan of the Earth, there is an example that the god of fruit became faith as the god of confectionery in the future. Same as that.

Although it may be troublesome to move from believers to spread mystery, the burden to receive a new mystery from God is that it undergoes remodeling surgery in the whole body, and sometimes it is dangerous to change personality.

As if the former Mage King's "Sludge and the Evil of the Tent。" Merebébail tries to change to the "God of the Scura".

Of course, the size of the burden varies depending on the God and the God. In the case of merebevale, because it is my child's "the God of the Skulla", I had a severe pain. If this is a “human-like god” that is not related to the tribe, Melebäil lost its consciousness for over tens of thousands of years, and when waking up, it may be completely different, or it may be significantly weakened and may be lost in God.

On the other hand, the change to God when granting a new God from the believer to God is equal to that of increasing new clothes and samurai, and there is no change to the essence of God itself.

It’s natural to stop the peria.

"The recognition of the magical girl in the Kingdom of Orbaum is more than "a type of magician" than "a kind of magician". Orbaum, who actually saw you are fighting, has a strong tendency in each Duke.

It is a burden to get the goddess of the guardian of the magical girl directly to the erk without such a face.

“What does the concerts of Kanako come back in this way?”

With the national tour to quickly guide the people of the Duke, the perception of the magical girl is rising, but the person who knows only her on the stage was増えly affected.

。 Let's go to the road again. Hendriksen

“Wow!? Let’s make Hendriksen a magical girl!”

“No, I’m going to pass the variants, but I’m thinking about a type that changes to the armor like Simon and Natana.”

"Thank you for your kindness"

Nodded elk with relief from mind. Vandalou has not been thinking about wearing a costume of fluffy flirt in the beautiful and young Hendriksen, who has a noble品 of Miriam.

However, it is only hoped that he will be adding new rites to his dedication, Elk, who is the god of devoting.

“Let’s suppose about the content of the God entrusted to Hendriksen and the temple officials, the change points of the righteousness, the reform of the temple, etc.”

In the future, the statue and relief of the gods of the gods of the Gods of the Gods of the Gods of the Gods of the Gods of the Gods of the Gods of the Vida family must be removed. It may be necessary to change the doctrine, and to do so, the priest must make a deity.

Vandaloo, who can speak directly to God, is also going to tell Elk’s instructions, but if you are a Vidal Magic Empire, you will be able to crush the face of the priests who hold Elk’s temple when you do it in the Kingdom of Orbaum, and you will be able to buy an un感onable feeling.

Of course, because the contents of the doctrine and the location of the temple that was the Lord are separate for each gods, it is necessary to consult with the gods other than Elk individually.

Vandalou succeeded in increasing腕  and arms, making eyes and mouths at the tip of them and making consultations at the same time.

That's right. Now there are no believers of the forces of the Arda, other than the Duchess of Fゾン, so please be aware that you will not be able to 組織ally attack your temple.

When he has reviewed Hendriksen, I would like to take the character of the candidate "candidate"

“I’m sorry...?”

“To protect the Orbaum from the Mao Gudulanis and its subordinates, because they have been fighting with us, not already known candidates.

Comment

After leaving the word, Vandalou disappeared from the Gods of Elk.

“...Is there a device that only affects God, not just people?”

It was because he told me that he was human.

While walking through the underground passage of the Royal Castle of Talosムme, Vandalu’s main unit of use wizards feels that the main unit is located on the ground from the elk’s throne.

“I think and sense will become dull while the body is in the gods.”

Since the majority of the souls are brought to the gods, among them, Vandalu’s use magical kings remember the burden on thoughts and feelings. Just remember, there is no real harm to the present, but... If you are going to be戦闘erce battles that consume a lot of magic, you may be利.

"This is only to increase the body to solve it. It is not meaningful to increase the body because it is a matter of soul."

"Do you have any problems?"

From the top of the main body type witch King who came to the front of the workshop, he gave a heartfelt voice.

When I looked up above, there was a young man standing upside down on the ceiling and laughed at the full face.

On the back, the white beauty of the skin and the laughing  are still walking around the ceiling.

It is a single word. Don’t mind, Bocole

Adolescents were not ghosts, but one of the people who were on the experimental body of Rokudo St. The white beauty of the skin is Yukijoro, the woman is a rainy palace, Me-ku.

"Van~, the ceiling high, I got better! The bander also gave me the honor!"

"The magic control has improved well."

For the training of [Unattributed Magic] and [Magic Control], whether the Pluto of the Night is hiding or walking the ceiling.

In my mind, my weight is changed and my body is。 to walk around the ceiling. This is a difficult training that is difficult to move if you put too much force.

“Yes, I don’t have to be a bowl account like me.”

And there was a danger of床 upside down on the floor, so under the pledge, the bander was prepared for the occasion.

"Haku and Gaエルel are sleeping too much of magic. Ullika...I missed control and fell down and lost."

“I think I know, but I don’t get injured because I received it before I fall on the floor. It seems to have lost due to the fear of fall."

``No, the main body was in the divine realm until a while ago, so it seems that the connection with me has become weak. I remember now. It seems like I made the right decision to create Bandar after all.''

Unlike the Familiar King and clones, Bandar is a special clone created by cutting Vandalieu's soul into pieces. In exchange for the main body's magical power being reduced by 100 million, Bandar can continue to be connected to Vandalieu's body without being affected by it, even though he is an alter ego of Vandalieu.

While Vandalieu's soul is invited to the divine realm, he is able to act without feeling any burden, unlike the familiar demon lords who feel burdened by their thoughts and feelings.

“Ehem!”

Mei looks happy on the ceiling after being praised by Bander. Looking up at it, the main body-type familiar demon king and Bander calm down.

``I hope Ulrika doesn't have a fear of heights. By the way, why don't you go to the workshop? ”

"I'm currently in the middle of the graduation ceremony, so I refrained from attending. ...I thought it was still too early in terms of emotional education."

"Ah... now that I think about it, that's right."

After Bokor said that, the memories I shared with the other Demon Lords finally began to function properly. Apparently, the malfunction while the main body was in the divine realm had caused more damage than Vandalieu was aware of.

It's only for a short time...but we should respond and overcome the small damage before it becomes a big one.

At that time, a ceremony that Bokor described as a graduation ceremony was being held in the workshop.

"Congratulations, guys."

Luciliano, with his proud beard trimmed today, smiles at the several ex-criminal test subjects.

"Today, you all graduate from being experimental animals... guinea pigs. Thanks to your efforts, my research... and my master's goals have progressed greatly! This can be said to be the same as making a great contribution to the Vidal Demon Empire.

Now, accept it. This is what you guys wanted! ”

And at the top of the stack of documents that Luciliano handed over to one of his former test subjects, ``Human Rights'' was written.

The next story will be posted on June 10th.