Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 369: The former emperor and the self-proclaimed old man of Fazon Duchy whose slow life is threatened

"If you fall into the plains, you should not live! My Maje , compassion! Let's make your blame! "

He has heard such a serif from the aristocratic who has judged that he has no value to commit guilty and meditation to it. And in most cases, I ignore the barge and property and have fallen to the plains.

If you are pregnant, it is good for people to receive from the people. As a result, it is feared that there is no blood or tear to the people in the tribal deceased by the deter  of the emperor himself, but it is mercy if you just confess the barge and property.

If you do not blame on the other hand, you will be in ted as "weak waist" or "sweet".

I was thinking about such things, but of course, I was not thinking that the aristocratic who lost the barge and property could survive.

"However, it will become even if you are out of stock." It may be surprisingly survived even now, even though I thought that there was too much dead.

If you say that you can’t live, or you can’t kill yourself. If you’re doing it, you’ll be doing it.

In other words, the former Amid Imperial Mashukuzar brewed tea to moisturize the throat.

Now he’s living in a coarse shed. The room is three, painted on the wood to prevent deterioration, and the inside is a full-fledged shed with heat insulation.

She sits on the chairs on the wooden decks in the cabin, and Marshkuzar had a single dress in the morning.

There are a variety of畑s around the shed, and there is an orchard and a chicken shed, and there is a presence that was goat and pig.

And around the shed, there are many flowers that can be shaken regardless of the wind, and there are several箱est boxes that were honeybees.

"Now, I think that I was able to do it all the time, as if I was doing too much?"

“It’s all right.” In the first place, I think it is a mistake that you think that you are doing what you are doing.

“Oh, did you come to see a lot of things today?”

I laughed at Vandalu, who appeared during the marshkuzal table, and recommended the chairs for my head.

“You’re thanks to you that you can live in this way that you’ve lost your status and property.”

The Mashukuzar, which was chased by the emperor, was convicted in a residence that is far from the Tei-to due to the public medical treatment.

In a house guarded by the Knights as a security guard to catch him, rather than omi , it was a non-free life except that the future that is poisoned by mixing poison in a meal or drink is likely to be waiting for.

From there, Marshkuzar, which was rescued by the Schne  of the storm of 嵐ence, was delivered to Vanderou and was given a temporary first but free life here.

However, Vandaloo was not going to take care even if he was thinking of making marshkuzar.

After 道具 various tools such as carpentry tools, and materials such as timber and nails, he abandoned all sorts.

If you say more precisely, you will come to check if you live every day and supply the necessary food and water.

Marshkuzar is no longer a place to live.

I didn’t think it would be escaped, and I was convinced that it could be successful even if I run it. If you are wondering, it is one of the worlds of Vandalu.

There is a ceiling in the sky. I don’t know whether the wind is blowing, but this is due to the breathing of Vanderou or because there is a mechanism to circulate the air to the world in the body.

The weather is always。. However, there is a distinction between night and day.

The marshkuzar logo, which was prisoned in such a strange space, was quite difficult. There was almost no experience on Sunday carpenters even with high education. This is a city development plan, and if it is a large-scale water curing and civil engineering work, it was knowledgeable. However, there was no experience of assembled pillars and beams by myself.

However, if you only live, the environment of [the world in the body] was aligned.

Meals are simplistic compared to the previous life, but the required amount can be filled in each serving. Not bad taste. The climate of the body is kept in a comfortable state. No rain. That’s why you can stay in the hotel.

In the brain of Marshkuzar, I saw that the first shed was destroyed instantly, I thought that it could be a lazy inn life.

But immediately he remembered. The ambition and antibone spirit of the time when the Emperor was aiming for the Emperor, although it was not too high to inherit the raw as a half elf before the Emperor was im .

We are proud of ourselves and we must aim for ambition because we are full of utmost care. Tobacco until the end of the day.

Marshkuzar resumed his activities as if he had no supreme or self-dis。。.

We built a hut using magecraft, tailored furniture and asked Vanderou to see how they were. I want to grow農s, want more cloth to tailor the clothes, paint the小屋s of the shed with practical and airy rest...... I devised the request until it is very thick to the opponent who is living and feels only the value of the game.

It seems that the vandaloo is broken, but according to most requests. After hearing it, it was a lot of traffic.

For Vandalou, Marshkuzar is a human who is not as good as it is, and is basically a harassment. I don’t have a deep resent or hate, but I don’t want to talk deeply if I can’t understand the values.

However, it is difficult to die because there is a value of "being good if you live". That’s why Vandaloo is the world in the body, so it’s only time to see how it looks and eats food.

And the world in the body is shared with Vandalou, both personality and memory. Therefore, the presence of marshkuzar stressed Vanderou.

It is necessary that such existence is to improve the living environment and produce food. If it’s good, it’s time to put food every day.

So Vandalou compared fabrics and裁ing tools, farm equipment and物の seedlings, paints according to the requirements of marshkuzar. The requirements of marshkuzar were escalated to the same request even if the need for livestock and fruit trees such as chickens, go。s, and pigs.

In addition, even if marshkuzar is a simple but rich living environment, it is left alone to see the appearance once a day.

"The nobles who lost their property and berth were not close to the emperor of the enemy country that responded to the transaction. So what do you want to know today? Is it a scandal of aristocratic who was the Lord? Or is it a path to the secrets of the house? Is it the location of the activity base of the "Wicked Fifty Swords"?

If you’re wondering, Marshkuzar is because of the embarrassment of Perapella and the state. It was a luxurious meal, a silk fabric, a tea set of pottery and a tea leaf, and a thing that was unloved by its value.

That’s because we know that this national confidential information is almost no value for Vandalou.

The power of Vanderlus, which is guessed from the information that marshkuzar was able to see before it was caught up from the thiees, does not matter if you know the secret loophole. Even if you strike from the front, you can change the whole building. There is no meaning unless the building is made by Orihalcon.

And you can hear from the spirit of the dead, so you can get most of the information you want to find out. At least, Marshkuzar guesses that.

At the time of knowing that you have been deprived of the marshkuzar, the activity base of the “Jifty Swords” will change to a new location that you do not know.

So I don't hesitate to sell it at low price.

“...Mashkuzar, I’m not sure that I’ve been the right person for Tanuki fathers.”

Since Vandalou also cares about it, he said, Marshkuzar had to deepen his smile.

"Thank you for it." However, there are still nobles in Orbaum. ......You are too poor.

The information that marshkuzar mouths is not related to Vandaloo. While it is known, Vandaloo listens to information from Marshkuzar and reflects the price.

That’s because Vandalou listens to the question “Let’s listen to it for a long time.” And I think that it is difficult to pay the price more than I heard. It is one of the reasons why it is not the object that is required.

“It’s sexual.” I don't have to worry about it.

“I didn’t want to cut down the time to talk with others?”

"Mashkuzar, I'm in front of you. Cannot be put out. That’s why I’m not doing it except for real monitoring.”

“In other words, the more you can convince for that reason, the more you get used to the other person?”

Yes. I'm only one of the countless me."

“I don’t understand it even if I hear it several times. I have never heard of other things, such as操ing multiple bodies and thoughts. I don’t think that I don’t have enough knowledge.”

Marshkuzar is one of the people who have high education in the lambda world. However, science is unrelated.

If he knows about the science civilization that he developed in the modern "Earth", he may understand that he is a device and the main body is a server.

"One soul? ... so, the soul was one. Even if it can be divided, there is no difference between being one group of "my soul"

And Vandalou had the knowledge of science civilization, so I thought it was close. In that case, I noticed that the attempt to increase the current body is not good.

(The body is the body that many souls are in.) And if you define a body that does not have much soul, it is impossible to increase the body first.

I can revert my soul. However, the total amount does not change. Increase the body unless the amount of soul increases )

The total amount of the soul of Vanderou is 100... It is essentially not to fulfill the 片 of the soul of the substitute to dispatch to the person who has made a skill. Meh-You are a bander who possessed the rainy season.

In this case, it seems to be able to separate the soul and make the body, but even if it separates 100 and thousand, and the soul, it could not be the body. It is only a lot of soul than others.

So, if you have two souls and evenly separate it, can you increase the body? It was Vandaloo, who tried to do it while thinking about it, but it should be done immediately.

I did not feel the problem to execute, but I felt that the result is not possible to have two bodies of the soul, but it is only divided into the body of the soul and the body of the soul.

(In other words, the body cannot be increased.) However, I would like to have multiple advantages. So, if you aim to become a state that does not change as there are multiple bodies without increasing the body?

It seems to be inconsistent and impossible to achieve.

However, if you think that it is not the condition of the body that creates the contents that you have noticed before, something will be drawn. I think it is a little bit more and it seems to be a shape.

(But I was too special to see the main body.) You may think of it as a part of the name "body" just like a hand or internal organ.

There was a meaning that Marshkuzar is prohibited in the world in the body, but I don’t want to tell the person, so let’s silent.

“Is there any request?”

“Oh, I feel that the物のs are too good to be used in recent years. What do you think?”

Before marshkuzar pointed to the eyes, there was a figure of物s that were growing and actively moving. Of course, not ordinary vegetables. All monster plants.

“This is because the giant tree is higher than the castle in the distance seen from here.”

As Marshkuzar sees, the wood part of Igdrasil was stored in this [the world in the body] and experimented with [localization] skills.

This [the world in the body] has only marshkuzar, and if there is any marshkuzar, it is necessary to collect it immediately and move it to another [the world in the body], so I tried the maximum output. As a result, the作s raised by marshkuzar were fruitful at once, and they were transformed into a monster plant.

"In addition, the seedlings of the planted fruit trees are moving around, the chicken becomes a gyega bird ... I do not know the name of the shallow school, but it seems that goat, pig, and bee are also magical.

Thanks to the increase in egg collection and milking. The harvest of slaughter and honey has not yet been harvested, but at that time it will have to be more careful than before.”

But Vandaloo was not going to explain the experiments he led.

“Do you remember danger to yourself?”

"No, it's not. The monster plant is not resistant to the harvest. Giga birds and livestock people have become somewhat rough, but their arms are dull, but they are also the Imperial family. "No problem now"

The Amid empire is not the burial country where the strongest person stands on. However, as a noble person, it is necessary to practice minimal martial arts and magecraft for aristocratic and emperor.

The minimum level required will be higher as the body becomes higher. In addition, he was born in half elf and before he was ranked, the marshkuzar, which had a lot of enemies, increased his skill to the minimum.

It is not the foot of the Schneダー of the storm of 嵐ence, and it is not enough to defeat the batter and the enemy while conducting the army in front of the war with the Kingdom of Orbaum. C-class adventurers and each other. And now I have a long time away from the practical training, I have a lot of intuition.

The magical arm is back by building and farming.

There is a certain degree, but there is no danger to yourself in the monster plant of the rank 2 and the gyuga bird degree.

“Now, we will prepare new tools for harvesting and slaughtering.”

Therefore, Vandalou judged that it is useful by handing tools such as sharp knife and armor to protect the arm and face.

"It's not. This is because there is only no teeth standing, unless it is made by Orihalcon, so if you plan not to be good, you will not be wicked, and you will ask a knife that is really sharp.

I know. Also, please be aware that there may be something happening in the near future."

The skills of the Ira who became a no-life queen are also planned to be experimented in this world.

"It's boring and fun here. ......The empire seems to be safe yet."

Since Vandalou puts himself into the world in the body and comes to regular monitoring, Marshkuzar was convinced that the Amid Empire was not destroyed.

If the empire is destroyed, Vandalou should take out the marshkuzar.

As a marshkuzar, you need to appeal to Vandalu to its ability to survive.

Even if you don’t like it, Vandaloo guesses that it will not kill it.

It’s difficult to think about what you’ve been thinking about, even though it’s domの from Marshkuzar to Vanderou. In the first place, even if you perform, it seems to be seen in some way.

If you don’t like it, you need to think that it’s worth using it.

(If it works, he will be involved in the governance of the Amid Empire that he occupied.) ......The people must be undeaded.

Vanderou doesn’t have that feeling, but aliak... I just pray that Alda does not fancier people too much)

At that time, there were many people in the south of the Kingdom of Orbaum and the Duchess of Fazon facing the sea.

People who have chosen God more than the country, belonging to the chief priest of the temple of God, the priest, the priest, and the chief priest of the temple of God, the chief priest of the temple of God, the chief priest of the gods, and the chief priest of the lord of Jahhan.

The total power of the war is quite a bit.

"Recently interesting." It seems to be just a person just by seeing it. Did you find it?

In a sake field, the old man with a voice was jocchi.

“T、’s not what you’re looking at here?”

Then, a man who had a good reputation of the gods, said that he was asked.

“I came from a village. I'm sleeping. Isn’t it like a goddess? It’s good, it’s good to drink at this place during the day.”

“I’m not good or bad, I’m not a god, I’m in the gate!”

"I've broken down the temple, it's just a thing. What did you do?

I bought a bareback just a few times. That’s the bankruptcy... because the priests and priests of the other Duke’s temples came to the temple, it’s not.

“It’s a話ible story.” Alda does not decide to buy barebacks.

In fact, adultery is prohibited in the Alda temple. However, humans have a way out.

The relationship with bareback is only one night. A gift from a man to give money. It is the freedom of our people when they interact with anyone and when they give it. That’s why it’s not contrary to teaching.

In the Amid empire and the Duchess of Jahan, the customer was asked to buy a bouquet from an intermediary and give it to a bareback, and the bareback was a method to send a bouquet to an intermediary and receive gold.

“Yes, it’s right! That’s the main mountain of the Alda Fuka派! What’s wrong with the veterinarian Rabby!”

The old man tilted the neck to the young ex-princess who shouted the name of the bareback.

“I think it’s not bad, but it’s the main mountain?”

The Alda Fukaze family is a sect who is the Alda Shinto of the Kingdom of Orbaum, while repeating the war with the Amid Empire. Therefore, no clear record is left.

So there is no place like Mt. Somoto.

“Oh, I’ve been helping people of “five-colored blades” and I’m still keeping Sele、, so I’m not saying that it’s not an ex、ation to say the sanctuary.”

“Well, it’s like Seleツ. I didn’t know it in the village, but I’ve changed the world.

In the Duke of Fazon, there was a power to help, and Heinz’s “five-colored blades” were treated as a clear 。 than others.

Alda 威s the dungeon before the Heinz and 。s the “God” Bellwood. And it is also famous as a 業 who defeated the witches and the people who had hidden the [Witch King's Flaws] of dedication to the evil gods who have been巣estled for many years.

“But I’ve heard this story before, “The Five-colored Blade” is the Amid Empire.”

Although it is not yet public, the figure of "five-colored blades" is the Amid Empire ... It is a supple information that was confirmed by the Alda Grand Shrine.

And the information that Heinz is passing to the enemy was started to be flown by old people.

“Oh, you’re true!? Well, I’m sure you’re going to preach the teachings of Alda Melting Japanese to the Amid Empire! I’m sure you’re admitted to “Gods” Bellwood and Alda’s Melting Japanese.”

The former goddess of the young, but there is no precise information that Berwood affirmed the idea of the Alda fusion. Just because I lend power to honey, it is only interpreted so easily.

However, there are many people who have interpreted the sake in front of the old man. Probably, because the Duchess of Fazon would be one of them, the will of Bellwood will not be related.

。 However, I think that it is different to that of returning to the old nests than the Duke of Fazon who has been supporting for many years. I think I should say that I had to say one of the Duke's first s.

"It may be,"

Then, I dropped the reputation of Heinz, and the old man drank the sake with the former priest for a while.

Then, moving unnaturally fast considering his white hair and the number and depth of wrinkles on his face, he walked down an alley and knocked on the door of a certain building.

"What's the password?"

"...Hey, hey, I'm a self-proclaimed old man."

"Huh! Come in quickly!"

After reluctantly saying the password he didn't like, the old man was finally grabbed and dragged into the room by a beautiful elf woman and a large black-skinned man with a mohawk.

Inside the room, a slim old gentleman and a beautiful dwarf woman are both keeping their guard up, while a beautiful elf woman and a mohawk are quickly activating their magic to investigate the surroundings.

“That’s strange… I’m not being followed!?”

“Didn’t they find out!? Schneider’s old man costume!?”

"When you were in the Amid Empire, you were discovered without exception... but you've grown."

"Is that so? Isn't it because the people in this town have blind eyes?"

"How about you guys learn from Zod and praise me for improving my disguise skills?"

While saying that, the old man... Schneider twisted his body from side to side. A thumping sound echoed along with the rhythmic movement.

“Aaah!”

Then, pump up your whole body with strength. At that moment, the old man's body, which was about 170 centimeters tall, expanded. He had grown to about 190 centimeters tall, and although his body looked thin through his clothes, his muscles had developed enough to make his clothes burst.

And finally, pull the skin of the face.

“Then, shall we summarize the results of our information gathering?”

With just that, Schneider of ``Shinrai'' regained her flawless, youthful, wild beauty and began exchanging information with her friends.

The next story will take some time and will be posted on May 16th.