Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 385: The move of a truly evil god

People who feel that the deter。 of Alda forces is approaching were noted by the Vanderudd Vidal Empire, the Duchess of Fasson and the Duchess of Burgit and the Duchess of Hartner.

“Is the war close?” Michael . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

“Oh, Vandaloo Street is also quiet”

It was the city of Moxie, one of the trade cities of the Duchess of Alcム. Since the Duke of Alcrem is far from the Duke of Fasson, he dispatched about 1,000 people, including Alcrem’s Five Knights, and then sent food and pharmaceutical supplies, and there were no兵.

However, the mileage of警備ry wolf guard, and the new yatai king next to Vanderou...The sign of “yadai Tamako” is keeping the city and the frequency of opening the stage of the magical girl is also down.

“Nothing, I want to go back with the war as soon as possible.”

Edmond, who has been trying to hand out to use Dalcia before, will see his new store.

“If not, you don’t have to go to the Vidal Magic Empire. That’s why they can’t eat takoyaki.

Actually, there was already a war, but I didn’t know that Edmonds and Moxie lived there.

And the time was the war in the Duchess of Fazon.

"I want to finish such a war immediately."

The same mel  as Edmond was Selen, a dumpire girl that was protected by the five-colored blade.

She has been escorted by the Rembrandt 's roaring sword' in the Duchess of Fazon, and she has never been reunion with Heinz. Once I had a letter via a ship that goes to the island outside the Baangaia continent.

And herself is worshipped as a saint in the Alda temple of the Duchess of Fゾン.

Sele , born in Dampir, has lived in an environment that is different from ordinary children.

I received the treatment like a wife of a deep window. However, I did not have any experience that I was worshiped every time.

Before the beginning of the Holy War, I talked to the paper that was written in advance in the past several times, laughed and shaked hands, but the people who saw it 笑ed and 。ed.

It is possible to understand that when parents were living in a remote place when they were living.

However, I could not wipe puzzles.

It was also for the Holy War.

Sele、 didn’t seem to have to fight Vanderlus.

(Edgar's brother killed the evil magic king Gudulanis, and Heinz's brother was not able to help Edgar's brother, and wrote in the letter.

And the son returned Edgar brother)

The感情s of Sele、’s Vanderlus are now complex.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

When I went from Orbaum to the Duchess of Fazon, Vanderou could kill the Sele。. Maybe, I could show it to an accident, and I could not leave one evidence. However, he really did not get out.

At that time, it was rejected that I felt directly from Vanderou. I don’t want to be close to you because it’s not an enemy or malicious. It was such an attitude.

That’s why Sele達 is not only good for Vanderou, but she also starts with this “Holy War.”

(Brother's letter, Vandalu is the soul of the King Gudulanis, so it may be a ride to Gudulanis someday.) It was written that I had to defeat ...)

Is it true?

The bad God named Dark Aberon was not able to suppress the soul of the King Gudulanis. That’s why Vandaloo could not be suppressed.

However, the deficiency of the soul of the King Gudulanis is sealed, and the “God of Life” Alda is protected. At least, Sele  heard and grew up. That’s right, it’s revived? Isn’t it possible to keep the seal even in Alda?

The chief priest of the temple explains how the god of Rodo Corte was, but what did the gods who had never heard of the name Rodo Corte appear from?

Is there a really meaning for the Holy War to say that Alda?

"My brother, my letter, did you read?"

Sele、 wrote, “The Holy War is nothing, but it seems to live in other continents and islands.” It was a statement of disbelief to the chief priests of the Alda and the temple of the Alda and the conviction of Vanderou.

If the Heinz abandoned the Holy War and left from the Banggaia continent and disappeared, Vandaloo felt like he couldn’t follow.

And the confidence of Sele、 was not complete but correct.

He hesitated to follow when Heinz conceals from the Berngaia continent in a remote location away from Vanderou’s dynamic range. That’s because the priority changes in him.

At least, while the Alda forces are healthy, the deal is preferred because the Alda forces are more embarrassed than the bellwood-free honeys.

After the Holy War ended, he will be busy at the end of the day and he will not be able to follow the Heinz.

Vanderou is a revengeer, but does not throw all of life into revenge. Revenge is a means of self-happiness. Therefore, if there is something that should be prioritized than revenge, take it.

After that, it may change depending on the situation. As long as the honeys and deliza are adult, it may be possible to keep monitoring even 100 years and thousand years until two people die from a distance.

For Vanderou, it is more tedious than being the flag of the Holy War. Sele。 was unconsciously presenting the best choice for Vanderou.

But for her unfortunately, and fortunately for Vandaloo, he seemed to have no choice.

“The righteousness is in us! So we have been out of our predecessor, and the army was dissolved!”

“Is there any way to you! Let’s leave the army and return to your own!”

At the border between the Duchess of Fazon and the Duchess of Hartner, representatives of the auxiliary armies dispatched to the Duchess of Fazon and the Duchess of Hartner were angry.

“...This is the Holy War?”

“...Do you think humans are tooのent?”

“This is a tradition!”

The loud voice of the Knight whose flags of each Duke's flag are expressed by both arms, whether they have some special skills, or have spreading them with magic items or magic.

Pauvina and Rvezfor, who ran as a supporter from the Vidal Magic Empire, are influenced by the slaughter. Yamata started singing.

However, Rhinehards were shining their eyes.

“Pauvina is the way of the war that is transmitted from the time when it was a small country gathering before the kingdom of Orbaum was still chosen!”

“We’ve put our effort into peace, but we’ve put into the war without any way.”

“I think the last one is 100 years ago.” At that time, the war between the Duchess should be avoided because the other Duchess took over the arbitration.

Rhinehards claimed by mouth. According to them, it seems to have reproduced the history of the past.

I think Paula is also important in history. I'm not going to diminish. It is a rule of war that the royal family of another small country became the Duke of the kingdom of Orbaum, and it was no longer done because of the large-scale samurai collision.

There is a rule in the war, but there is a dangerous magic in the world. When a lot of people die and the power of the war decreases, they will not be able to retire the monsters, the more the monsters, the less the area where humanity can live. If you win the war, you will lose it as a result.

It is an ingenuity to suppress the number of people who die to avoid it. I can see Paula.

“But there is a meaning to do it now?”

What you don’t know is the meaning of doing it in the current situation. Of course, it is said that it is a whole war of all the Duchess of Fazon VS.

“Oh... it’s not...”

I could not follow it.

“If you’re strong, you’ll have decided on the battle of the Amid Saints while you’re angry and may end up before the war starts here.”

However, the following was the “Knight of Thousand Blades” Bardilia, which was dispatched from the Duchess of Alcム.

“It’s a holy war, God’s deity, and noisy, but you won’t get up to the experience of the war... The shoguns of the Duchess of Fazon had to follow the past practices. “Is it possible to ignore the Duchess of Hartner?

In the past, Yuriana, who was the Knight of the Duchess of Alcム, continued.

She revived in Minotau Ross half and became a deceased of Vandaloo, so she became a 軍 from the Vidal Ma empire, not the Duchess of Alcrem.

』

The love horse is the unity of Vandaloo. At least, the appearance is like a horse. The size is larger than two meters, but it is a giant that is   to their sisters.

“Van, the other place?”

"The direction of the Duchess of Burgit is the same as here. In the Duchess of Sauron, there is no hostility, but I see it while maintaining the warning. Tarosム and other countries in the boundary mountains.

The Battle is off the Milg shield and the Duchess of Fazon.

In the south sea of the Baangaia continent, off the banks of Fazon.

“Let’s release arrows, attack magic! Let’s wind up the burスタ string! Don’t loosen your hands!”

"The time of the effect of the magecraft is overlapping with the next soldiers! Let's take care of the wound and make the magecraft faster!"

The navy of the Duchess of Fazon has been挙 many wars to pirates and sea monsters.

The more vidal empire, the more unreckless action, the more sacrifice of the navy, the more sacrifice, the more sacrifice, the more sacrifice, the more sacrifice, the more sacrifice.

At the same time, there was no silence to operate the Navy on land. He traveled to the offshore of the Duchess of Fazon in case of the Vidal Empire attacked from the sea.

It was attacked.

』ue!

』

From the hor , I ran the air with the wind speed.

It was a tama and gyoke that solved the skills of [shrinking]. The two were ranked up in the rank 12 Avisclerken.

This is the result of continuing to eat a part of Vanderou while having a leveling on the terrain after the end of business.

“Now! Why is Kraken running in the air?”

[Aerial running] For gaining skills and [High speed driving] skills. Tama and Gyoke were used for twelve polarizers, and they were free of air than birds.

It is free to stop, up and down movement, and instantaneous transition. That’s why we can’t go about them, whether they can fly with a balloon magecraft or a magic item.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"

And it was flexibly responded to distance、. The naval warriors and magicians were able to compute the hulls up and down with waves, and to do it with high accuracy, but before they shoot the bows and attack magic, the 波s of Tama and Gyoku hit the touch arms on the sea, causing a large wave and揺king the hull.

This is also a gift of delicate cooking techniques worn by each leg at the same time. The two names of Yatai Tamako are not Date.

Thanks to the maritime soldiers, they can’t attack them inside and outside. ...... Even if it is true, it is not the damage that you want for two people who have high level of [high speed playback] skill in rank 12.

The Baronian Navy was proud of the high kneading in the human army. Knights whose strength is comparable to Knights. If he or herself, it would be difficult to deal with normal threats from the sea.

However, in the presence of the wicked gods of rank 12 and the A、 step before, it is only a powerful 兵brity that is damaging to monsters. The Baronian navy is cooked like a dish lying on the iron plate.

On top of that, their opponents were not only onions and goggles.

"I'm going to play snow!"

“Let’s chill the head of Alda believers floating in the sea!”

Under the ship of the Duchess of Fazon, who was aware of the strong water threat, the wizards adapted to the fish and the sea armed from the bottom of the sea and their undeads were attacked.

“This is the time of the crueling of the family!”

That’s why the mer、s were deprived of the lives of many brothers by the “five-colored blades” that were commissioned by the Duchess of Fゾン, and it was a family of people who were devoted to the marisjafer of the Red Sea, who moved from home to Gartland.

“I don’t go too much,ティian.” Everyone!

Trident shining in the rainbow color... The long doネーizer with a shaped disguise is the mer  warrior.

"But Princess!"

“They will become our friends after death.” Let's do the original shape of the carcass! Feel the hardship of the person who meets the car later!

“I see, I’ve done that!”

More and more fish. If you hear that conversation, the naval morale of Fazon would have been drastically degraded.

"Cute"

The ship was crushed by the touch arm that Tama swayed, and it was not.

In order to rescue ally and to support it, a safe military ship will move, but the doranザ with a trident wand with a disguise armor will操e the sea stream with magecraft, and the ship of the Duchess of Fazon is interfering with the cooperation skillfully.

The magician tries to fight the magic of Doranaza with a number of  ences, but if you try to sing the attack magic, it will be crushed to the onion and guilloke.

There were two characters of surrendering, not withdrawal.

Vandalu watched in the Royal Castle of Talosムme, through the eyes of the Witch King who placed the battlefields of the Amid Saints and the Duchess of Fゾン and the early trend revealed.

At the same time, I saw the Alda of God of Justice through the eyes of the believers.

It was an inevitable thing and he was expecting to be the betrayal of the believers of the Great Gods who were in Vida to the Holy War of Amid。. However, by leaving the undenied betrayal, Vandalu said that he could not attack the Holy War against discri。 from a distance.

It’s important to be inリアring the followers of Pelia and Botin with a bombing from the sky by Quattro, and self-explosion線 and suspicious rays by the demons.

Actually, the Holy War is inferior because Alda had seen more betrayers expected.

Although it is still in the state where the リーs have prepared the 札s, it is difficult to cut the 。s in the view of Alda.

“Isn’t even able to make a gap in the boundary of Vandalu’s castle, Tarosム, if you don’t hit this hand?”

At this time, Alda was thinking.

For Vandalou, Alda thought that the kingdom of Orbaum can be eventually cut off. I think that it is not possible to help the Vidal Magic Empire, which is governed by myself, or to harm the self.

The misconception was because it was strongly determined that Vandaloo was too bad because it was too much to be seen as Gudulanis.

Vandaloo is bad. The person who is devoted by himself is eventually de d. Otherwise, Vandaloo is not bad.

Vandaloo must be bad, so at the end it must be bad.

In the dungeon of the trial that he created, he saw the phantoms of Dalcia from the sword of Heinz.

A few months ago, while fighting with the revived Gudulanis, I know that it is Vandalu, not honey.

And above all, it is my own that I have not 顧ped up the person who is devoted himself in the present progress.

Alda did not understand.

It is the final method. I will strengthen Vandalou once again, but I will defeat him.

Alda took a few pieces of the soul of Gudulanis to the right, and the seal of the gods on the left.

And Vandalou felt that death was at the same time from all over the world.

What is it?

At the same time, the person who looked at the sky in the beat of something in various places saw something coming from heaven. It was only visible in the first black。dow, but gradually appeared horrible.

"Bgogaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"

"Hate! Hate! Oh! Oh! Oh! Let's die to Arda's 狗! Let's destroy! Even if you become myself, I will reward you! "

The magnification of the horns and fangs that twisted to the battlefield where the Vidal Magic Empire forces and the Holy War of the Amid  A huge boar roar and a stormed  's curse resonated.

』

On the sky of the Baron Navy, there was a s。ical voice that was made up of huge lips and countless手s.

“Ach-Hahahaha!?”

In the sky above Orbaum, there was a distorted shell with a huge and countless pro sion than the castle, and it began to laugh with a bad taste like you want to push your ears.

“Where are you? Let’s kill all seven!”

"I'm a child! I'll kill me soon......! I can't suppress it!"

A giant lion, whose 形の and hatred deity revealed in the form of an exotic form, adorned himself to the boundary of the Duchess of Hartner and the Duchess of FAZON.

In addition, there was a strong and horrible presence in the upper sky of the magical continent and Gartland that had not been in the battlefield, the Duchess of Jahan, the Duchess of Alcム, and the Duchess of Saulon.

It was the wicked God of the Democratic remnants, planted a fragment of the soul of the Magic King Gudulanis, as well as the sealed by Alda, and the God of the Vida family sealed in the battle of tens of thousands years ago.

――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Tama Gyoku

Two names: [Stall egg]

Rank: 12

Race: Abyss Cook Kraken

Level: 38

・Passive skills

dark vision

Ink secretion: 4Lv

Drying resistance: 4Lv

Fire attribute resistance: 4Lv

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 6Lv

protective color

Air walking

Ability value enhancement: Vandalieu: 5Lv

High speed playback: 7Lv

Body reinforcement: Tentacle: 10Lv

・Active skills

High speed swimming: 7Lv

Strength: 2Lv

Cooking: 8Lv

Luminescence: 3Lv

Downsizing: 5Lv

Aura of fear: 8Lv

Breaking the limit: 5Lv

Martial arts: 7Lv

Whip Technique: 7Lv

High speed driving: 5Lv

Parallel thinking: 3Lv

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

- Monster explanation: Abyss Cook Kraken written by Luciliano

[Cooking] Cook Kraken, which allows Kraken who have acquired skills at a high level to rank up. It is a race that has risen in rank from Deep Cook Kraken by repeatedly ingesting its master's blood and flesh. The Kraken lives in the deep sea, an area unknown to humans where light cannot reach. Moreover, even though their race name is Abyss, they still sell yakisoba, takoyaki, Japanese squid, etc. cooked while soaking up the sun at their food stalls.

It seems like it has the [Protection Color] skill that allows it to change the color of its body surface to blend into the background, and the [Reduction] skill that allows it to shrink to almost the same size as when it was a Little Kraken, so it seems to be good at it, but its true strength is still overrun by its overwhelming mass.

The appearance of it running like the wind on the sea, the appearance larger than a sailing ship that rises from the water at high speed, and the strange appearance that glows white in the darkness are sure to freeze the spirits of those who are attacked with fear.

However, he usually runs a food stall in the town of Moxie in the Duchy of Alkrem. [Downsized] and cooking street food. She is a bit of an idol to the people of the town, and because she is the servant of the master of the ``Yatai King'', she is affectionately known as ``Yatai Tamago''.

Of course, the two names come from the ball-like bodies of Tama and Gyoku.

・Name: Vigaro

・Rank: 14

・Species: Ghoul Astral Tyrant Emperor

・Age: 177 years old

・Two names: [Death Ax King] [Corporal Devourer General]

・Level: 60

・Job: Death Demon General

・Job level: 98

Job history: Apprentice warrior, warrior, axeman, master axe, demon axe master, great axe master, berserker, demon warrior, dark axeman, spirit demon warrior, shieldman, demon ax master, dark demon great ax master, super great ax master

passive skills

dark vision

Super strength: 1Lv (awakened from strong strength!)

Pain tolerance: 10Lv

Paralysis poison secretion (claws): 10L (UP!)

Ability value increase when equipped with ax: Maximum (UP!)

Magic resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Super-Energy: 1Lv (Awakening from Seiryoku-etsu!)

Great murder recovery: 1Lv (Awakened from murder recovery!)

Physical resistance: 4Lv (UP!)

Mental resistance: 2Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 8Lv (UP!)

Reinforcement: 5Lv (UP!)

active skills

Lion Death Ax Technique: 8Lv (UP!)

Lion Death Fighting Technique: 1Lv (awakened from martial arts!)

Command: 8Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 10Lv

Felling: 6Lv

Demolition: 5Lv (UP!)

Spiritual Shield Technique: 1Lv (Awakened from Shield Technique!)

Transcend the limit: 8Lv (UP!)

Magic Ax Limit Transcendence: 7Lv (UP!)

Parallel thinking: 8Lv (UP!)

Spiritual body: 10Lv (UP!)

Materialization: 10Lv (UP!)

Fast thinking: 1Lv

Familiar demon: 5Lv (UP!)

unique skills

Zozogante's protection

Gareth's protection

Vandalieu's protection

Vida's protection

The next story will be posted on September 8th.