Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 364: God confused by the flow of time

The world doesn't turn out the way you want it to.

That's natural, the scope of one's own will and power is too narrow and inconvenient.

There was one person who lamented this.

"Ugh, what is this world like now...?"

This is Botin, the ``mother goddess of the earth and craftsmen.''

She has dark skin and a strong-looking beauty, wet with tears, and lies on her side in a gymnastics sitting position, hugging her knees, giving no impression of dignity.

Although she is a divine realm that is hidden from the human eye, she is one of the great and prosperous gods, and is also the mother goddess who created the dwarves along with Zantark.Why is she showing off such a painful...to put it bluntly, regrettable appearance? It was about her followers.

Botin, who was freed from the seal by Vandalieu, tried to tell his followers about his achievements through the oracle. The same thing happened when Vandalieu defeated Demon King Guduranis.

However, it did not reach the followers as much as she expected.

``Well, even in the past, the number of believers who could receive oracles was much smaller than those who couldn't. It's a matter of faith, but before that there's also the issue of talent, so I understand that it can't be helped.

But one in a hundred people received it, and the believers who received it seriously listened to the advice and instructions...that's...''

Botin let out a sigh as he spoke, then stopped moving his mouth, took a deep breath, and screamed.

``Why is the head of my temple not only someone who can't listen to oracles at all, but a person who only pays lip service to his followers? ? On top of that, all the high priests and priests don't even notice the oracle! ? Moreover, why would you imprison a young believer who listened to the oracle? ?

They really are my followers! ? ”

Botin screams and jumps on the floor of the sanctuary like a fish that has been landed. Her angels and heroic spirits were waiting from afar, with faces as if they were seeing something painful.

“In the Amid Empire, even the head of the temple is imprisoned…I can’t keep up with the times anymore…”

And then it goes limp and stops moving.

"That's what we thought when we woke up 50,000 years ago."

``Yes. Sister and sister, that is the path we have taken as well.''

The people who called out to Botin were Zurwarn, the ``god of space and creation,'' and Ricklent, the ``genie of time and magic.'' When I looked, I saw that other great gods and self-proclaimed humans had also appeared in Botin's divine realm.

“Is that true? Isn't this what happened because I'm not good enough? ”

Botin looked up at Zurwarn and Ricklent's words, but...

``No, this happened because I was unworthy.''

When he answered that, he fell to the floor.

『That means that all of us who were sealed by Guduranis or injured and put to sleep are to blame. It's not just Botin's fault.''

『■■■■■■！』

"Zantak is a bitter to say that both the two pillars are too big. I think that I can only hear a shout because it is king.

You can drink botin and tea. 、

"Botin with the energy" It’s not bad for you. Everyone here is different, but Alda is bad.

I was confに after a few years ago.

Vida says: Butin’s lament is due to the gap between the world before being enclosed by the King Gudulanis, and the world that was released after about ten thousand years.

Over ten thousand years ago, the distance between God and people was near in the age of God. There was a difference between being respected and being protected. But at the same time, there were people living in the same world.

That’s why God had another meaning. A warning to the imminent crisis that God had heard directly. Advice for individuals who receive Gods. God has been used to do so.

However, there is no change in the word of God, and the person who can receive God’s  even in the age of God has earned respect from others.

However, the relationship between God and people has changed greatly in the era of knowing Botin.

God does not exist on the ground. It consumes power in the fight against King Gudulanis and there is no room for the maintenance of the world. And God is a comfortable space for himself, the gods are in the world by the contaminated magic.

The 神s, beast kings, true giants, etc. that have a fl  that exists on the ground, and they do not have a place where people can easily meet from the age of Gods.

It is not a time where anyone can express the word, if he wants. It is impossible for God to lead猟, agriculture, tool processing and art activities, not just people's faith.

In the era of the people who cured the people, it was changed while Botin, Rikuhin, Zulwan, and Peria were sleeping.

There is only a handful of existence that represents the world. There is a possibility that a person has a leadership with the name of God, but it may be only a place where the faith is not心d just by singing.

And God’s deity is excessively視 from Botin as “the Word of God, your will”. At the same time, there are people who use God Deposit as a means to deceive the mass.

The chief of the temple, which is said to be able to hear the deity, cannot actually hear the deity. On the contrary, even the past existed if it is deceived that it is God's commitment and tells the believers.

“Oh, I don’t remember that while I’m sleeping, I’m working with the Alda Temple to protect the order.” And I don’t remember that I gave a God-giving ritual to the first emperor of the Amid Empire.

“I don’t know whether I really received it for those who cannot receive it. When I noticed it while I was in a 狸tan bed, I thought that I could jump up.

You can try your own experience to make Peria comfort in a tear-eye bowin.

A man who really received God’s commitment and a man who says that he was entrusted to God. There is no way to clearly identify them. Even if the pillar of light comes down from heaven when receiving God's , the certificate is not sent from God who gave God's .

Of course, there is a lie, so there is a way to see it. However, these lyings are good at mouth, and even if they are seen, they will be another story if others believe in the truth.

First, there is a magic item that can be determined whether the gods were truly accepted. However, it is strictly controlled by the Alda Temple of the Amid Empire. In addition, the use of magic items for discri  is basically self-declaration.

This is because we put the religious leaders on a lying discoverer. If there is no doubt about the contents of the deceased deity, it is not possible to judge the truth with a magic item.

For example, no one thinks that even if a healthy deity is devoted to Alda alone, no one is suspicious to the people who were the main person of human society, even if the devotion of "Alda is long".

On the contrary, what happens if a person claiming that he has recently been entrusted to the Vida family? It is only judged that there is no need to use valuable magic items to determine the true truth of such a maze.

“In addition, there are many houses that have virtually raided the lords and high priests as a large temple, so it is important to decide the lord’s lords by political exchanges.

Well, this is about Arda and the temple of Bellwood that had been independent before.

"The example of Zulwarn is extreme, but it is not good. Not only those who have the talent to receive God, but also those who are blessed with the age of organization.

People who have been entrusted to the priest may want to be a longer person who is responsible for managing the organization.

“I’m shocking to see the idea that Rikuhin is organized by the temple itself.”

For Botin: For the gods of the age of the gods, the temple was not an ordinary meaning organization. The teaching of the believers is God, not the priest, and in the temple, it was a place to learn more about the teachings taught by God, and to train the techniques and magics given.

At the Botin Temple, the arms of the arms gather, and the warriors of the Temple of Zanthak have polished the arms of martial arts. In the age of the gods, the temple played a role of modern ルドlds.

However, in modern temples, only those who go on the path of faith are permanently appointed, and the believers of craftsmen and warriors are only allowed to pray to the temple.

"It's no way to do it. Vida was destroyed by Alda, and the Alda was no longer ground. It is natural that the shape of society changes because people have to cure people.

There are many people who can’t receive Gods. Don’t lose your mind

There are many devout believers who were not blessed with the talents of receiving the deity, even among the priests, high priests, and the chief priests. As Vida says, it is not suitable for God to lament only because there are such people, but can not receive God's deposit. Butin finally rose from the floor of the gods.

That’s right. ありがとう

It is said that it is a botin that receives the tea that Vandalou gave and restores calmness.

"But more than half of the good people ... I pray to the world that is not known mainly in the Amid Empire ... Why? It is not the difference that the nature of my own changes.

That’s because it’s human being?

』

"We believe that the power of Alda believers such as the Amid Empire is strong. Aldaめd that we are the chief of God

Quiet but unquestionable botin, zulwarn and rik answering the mouth.

There was no predecessor between the ancient goddess. brothers and sisters and brothers each other as they say Rikula. There is no difference in total power.

To this end, the world was moved by the controversial system of the obedience gods who became the new god.

However, in today’s ...... Especially in the country where Alda faith is strong, Alda is said to have long-standing Gods since ancient times.

In addition to Botin, Zurwan, who 五ed 50,000 years ago, was shocked at that time.

"The unification of the conductor system is■■-!!"

“The unification of the conductor system is natural.”

『■■■■■■■■■■！　■■■■■……■■■■■！！』

You can understand that Alda left one pillar. I had to do so to cover the living people in one place, but I don’t have to do it with my own life. So Zantak says.

Vandalu interpreted the words of Zanthak, which roars the word from the middle. Hear it, and think again.

“Is it true if you say it?” It’s true that humans are assembled, but it’s said that people have collected less faith into their own active God, and the power needed to maintain the world and prepare for the residual party of the Magnolia.

That’s why Zantak, who had been enclosed, was 乱ed, and the resurrection of Rikuhin was delayed.

It should have been woven. Alda, if possible, I would like to revive it as soon as possible, but as it is, it takes a few thousand years to revive. If you want to keep up with our resurrection, it is better for you to keep up with your power.

“I don’t have any disagreement”

Botin and Pelia show understanding of Alda’s decisions. At that time, there were many Devil’s residue parties, and there were a lot of people with power like Hijirushkakaka, so Alda needed vitality to maintain their power than the revival of future colleagues.

“But one of the causes that I needed to do so was because I 撃ed Vidas after a hundred years of sealed Gudulanis.”

“I stood a superior in one-sided odds, but I had to consume my power... The original vampire like Bircaine had been assigned to some demons of the DevilCine, and Vida’s new tribes and the former magical gods and monsters that were sleeping on this side were drastically reduced, and I escaped to a limited area such as the Boundary Mountains, the Magic Continent, and Gartland.

...Yes, I don’t think again.

However, it seems that Alda could not agree that he was attacked by Vida.

“Well, it’s important to say anything about Alda that isn’t here to return before it’s sealed. Let’s look for ways that fit the current era. ......I don’t have to be able to do so much.

“I don’t want to do it.” The distance between the temple and the government is normal in human society.

Butin's words, Vandalu said.

Butin reported to Vandalou, who released their seals, but he gave him a dedication to support the believers, but the effect was much smaller than she assumed.

It is due to the difference between the age of Gods and the age of the current manifestation, as Botin was lamented. This is because of her absence over ten thousand years.

In addition, there are many countries where politics and religion are not integrated in human society. The government and the temples are far away.

Even if the Alda Faith is strong, the era when the former emperor Marshkuzar was cured was respected to the Alda Grand Shrine, but did not like the temple. That’s why the new emperor’s Ayleek and his forces ex ded Marshkuzar.

In the Kingdom of Orbaum, the distance between the government and the temple is more open. Even if the Botin Temple praises the things of Vandalou "。," the government must consider political and economic situations.

I felt that it was the right thing in Vanderou, which is a memory of the earth, although it was old. ...... I feel like I’m she ing things in my country.

However, it was reconstructed that it is possible to communicate words directly to God even if it is only a limited time or qualified person. ......The Vidal empire that he can cure is not aware that the emperor is the country of the politics that the emperor is the subject of faith.

“I think that this time I was about the system of reincarnation?”

That’s right. I was talking about Botin, but the main subject was like that.

Zulwan continued to teach Vandalu about the revitalization system that is only known to God.

In the fight against Arda, which will be inevitable in the future, Vandalu thought it was necessary to avoid serious damage to the Lodo Corte’s regeneration system by crushing the enemy’s soul.

...... Even if you ask for a specific reason, you may not be able to continue because it has not broken down until now, you will be wondering that you will be able to say "I understand" but you think that it is more reliable to explain.

"I know only that God is the secret of the system of reincarnation, but I am human, so I need to know it. That's it!

However, Vandaloo didn’t want to stop.

』

“Since it’s important, I say many times, but because I’m human, I know God’s expertise.”

“What do you say to humans?”

Butin, who was surprised, once again saw the soul of Vanderou. There was something huge black. Dolodro mud, glossy rocks on the surface, huge bones, pulsed brain marrows, s ed organs, and vaguely humanoids are created, with huge eyeballs, countless球。s, and s。pted mouths of the fangs. And sometimes, some of the souls are broken down and they fly to anywhere. Perhaps it was called with [Musage].

It was the form of the soul of Vanderou. The souls of Gudulanis are even more mutated than before, because they eat some of the souls of Gudulanis. Even so, I have to assemble it into a human type, and I have assembled it until the number of my head and arms is less than half than the original manifestation of Botin.

“I’m human, I’m human.”

And he claimed to be human without any lie. There are no lying or false eyes that cannot be counted.

I can't cover anyone, I'm crazy.

"So, Soudane, Andah Human Dojo"

“Ikan, Botin was done!”

"Return, Botin! ■■■!

"I'm so!? I'm not sure if I'm suddenly hitting, it's a good heart!"

“I can’t see the Zanthak!”

"How did you do? Let's calm everyone?"

"Well, I have no self-consciousness ..."

Vanderlus unconsciously mixes Botin’s consciousness, and the 頬ky Zanthak cheeks to regain Botin, and the 頬 of Botin squeezed the Zanthak.

"Vandaloo, listening"

It was a vida that took such a chaos.

"The knowledge about reincarnation is to be clear to humans, but I want you to know because you are very special. Can I ask?

』

Vandalu, whose attitude is adapted to the request of Vida. The Great Gods were shocked.

“Vandalu is a Vida believer, but is it?”

“Isn’t it because I’m seeing Dalcia?”

(I didn’t say that Vida and Vandalou were human...)

I was a big god, but I didn’t point out because Vandalu was really interested.

This is a description of the reincarnation system, but Vida actually made his own system by imitating the reincarnation system. However, I didn’t have a mystery, so I couldn’t understand someone who doesn’t have expertise.

Therefore, it was originally planned to explain only the overview of Vandalou and to be careful when crushing the soul of a person. However, Vandaloo was able to understand the detailed explanation of the regeneration system.

"In other words, it is a mechanism to cancel the life memory and status of the soul of the dead, and send it to random rebirth. There are many improvements.

“Eh, there are many problems because it is even more imitating the system of Madano Gudulanis, which imitates the system of Rodo Corte.

In the initial plan of creating a system, I had to improve the system of the shape that I adapted to this world over time while managing it, but ... because I was going to sleep for about a hundred years, it was not possible for about ten thousand years.

I see. Originally, the Lodcorte system is a system that controls the regeneration of multiple worlds, and it may be wasteful if you control only one world regeneration.

In the case of "Earth", it is like using a large-scale factory work line that assumes full operation for twenty-four hours. There are many parts that do not match a variety.

Vida and Vandalou are very thin, but Rodocolte’s reincarnation system is a system that pursues how many soul reincarnations can be efficiently in many worlds, and is able to manage them without having to worry about Rodocolte’s own hands.

Therefore, all the souls of humans, animals and plants are randomly divided. Nothing in the world after death.

It was a necessary function for Lodcorte, who had not recently had the use of his assistants, the Holy Spirit, and His obedience, but it is too much to control the rebirth of the world only.

In addition, as Vandalou, the world after death ... I did not care that I could not be judged by life.

If you die, you know that there is a way of thinking Buddha, but there is a hell in Buddhism.

But that’s what people believe. When rebirthing to the next generation, the memories of the previous generation and experience remain. If you do not have to punish your life after death.

If you do something bad, you will be punished, and you will fall to hell after death.

However, there is a possibility that the world after death does not exist. The problem was just left, because it was important to Rodocorte.

“Well, it’s not enough, because the system collapses, it develops into the crisis of the entire world of “Ramda”, so it’s better to avoid the human spirit as much as possible. But the souls of “five-colored blades” and “delivery” will be crushed.

“It’s okay.” I asked him to remove it from the ring regeneration system without a request from Alda.

"Machida, Shimada, and Maruto"

For Vandaloo, I felt somewhat surprisingly that they are working with Zulwarn, but I thought it was not possible at the same time. That’s because you can guess that it’s something that’s limited to them. and that is true.

“You may be unpleasant, but other than this world... There are several worlds including “Origin” and “Earth”. I want to understand

It's OK. There are no resentments in particular.

The reason why I was reborn in this world...In other words, if you were killed by "Origin", the intestine had a resentment so that the intestine was返ed and returned, but they were also thin while living with Dalcia.

Also, the reader of [Bevers], Kanko Azumimiya has been reconciled. I don't want to try something new to subturbation.

...... According to Zurwan, it seems to be busy in progress, so the summit is already down.

“I know, but I don’t stop trying to lead people.” You need to put each of the Duke of the Kingdom of Orbaum to your side.

There is no negative influence to destroy the soul, but the soul of the presence led by Vandalu will move to the system of the Vida style, so the maintenance of the system of Lodgorte will occur.

However, it is not possible to stop the lead as Vandaloo said.

"I think it's okay because it seems to be erroneous if it's a few years."

When I told him, Zurwan asked me if I had a request until the middle. After that, Vanderou left from the gods by情報を some information.

“......Vandaloo, I was able to understand the regeneration of the wheel. Home

“I couldn’t understand even my goddess of knowledge”

“T、’s probably the effect of repeating suspicious re、es”

I guessed that the zuワーan leaked and the peria in the shocked state.

The fact that Vandalu revives the spirit of the dead, such as Pauvina, is that the Vidal Magic Empire is known. And in Vidal Magic Empire, Vanderou is believed as God.

That’s why Vandalou originally brought the gods of reincarnation.

"... I was not aware of this person."

I asked Zanthak, who is still taking care of Botin, and he stood up, but Rick said.

"Vandalu was prepared with God." When the red child is born, it is the same as not to be aware of the organs of their body.

Vanderou

“I feel like you’re too much to see Vandalou as an arc”

“Yes, I love my child.”

"Vida, you think that you are too sのrated to Dalcia"

』

Vandaloo, whose soul is the body of the body ... I think that recently the division of the soul is progressing, and I wonder what is the body itself, but Vandaloo, which is recognized as the main body, recited to the statue of the Vidas.

This is a simple chapel made in a room of Silky Zakart Mansion.

Vandalou has not inserted sunshine from the stained glass created by the skill of Goムスキル.

"Oh, it was」 until now."

I learned that when I thought that it was funny, it was a difficult thing from the visuals of the mercy.

When I went out of the堂 and went out to the garden from the window, everyone was stunned to see a huge large tree.

"Izan, it became larger than the castle."

Restaurant

A huge tree from the castle was the appearance of the ranked Aizen. The branch has the same fruit as that of Aizen, and the voice of Aizen sounds from the thick trunk.

"This is a legend, the world tree Yugdrasil, which was written in myth!? It is a deer, if the record is correct, the ancestor of the plant that existed before the Mao Guduranis appears. It is not God, but it is not magic!

In addition, it was stated that it was extinct without being able to withstand theの戦い of the magnolia during the battle with the magnolia army. Is it the variant of the ugdrasil that adapted to the magnolia by ranking up?

Luciano explains unconsciously while changing the expression like a hundred-faced phase. According to that, Aisen seems to be something similar to Ugdrasil.

"The branches and roots of the Aisen standing in the center of the garden suddenly grow, and it became this figure while watching it."

“I would like to see how to rank up in a wide place. But what do you do in the future?

When Eleonola and Sam looked at the giant Aizen, some of the trunks were distorted and transformed. The size is doubled, but the other figure appeared the same Aizen.

It's okay. I can return the size to the original.

And Isen, a three-metre tall, prefers the previous size.

No problem.  up, Isen

"Thank you, eat!"

“It is a pleasure that husband and Aisen can act like before...Is it necessary to explain the neighbors and the kobit elections?”

"Yes. Kunochen, Pete and Rvezfor, who suddenly noticed the giant tree, will be rushed in less than a minute.

It was hard to be avoided when a giant tree appears higher than the castle suddenly.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Eisen

・Rank: 14

・Species: Yggdrasil young tree (changed from a Yggdrasil mutant seedling!)

・Level: 0

・Passive skills

Strength: 8Lv (UP!)

Super fast playback: 5Lv (UP!)

Abnormal status resistance: 10Lv

Magic resistance: 10Lv

Physical resistance: 10Lv

Increased vitality: 7Lv (UP!)

Body Super Strengthening: Bark Branch Root: 6Lv (UP & Body Strengthening: Integrating Roots!)

Fruit high-speed purification: 7Lv (UP!)

High-speed sap purification: 7Lv (UP!)

Branch high speed purification: 7Lv (UP!)

Color: 10Lv (UP!)

Self-enhancement: Subordination: 10Lv

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 9Lv (UP!)

・Active skills

Martial arts: 8Lv

Throwing technique: 9Lv

Armor technique: 10Lv (UP!)

Super energy absorption: 2Lv (UP!)

Non-attribute magic: 5Lv

Earth attribute magic: 8Lv

Life attribute magic: 8Lv

Reduced size: 4Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 3Lv

Command: 2Lv

Cooperation: 6Lv

Cooking: 1Lv

Familiar demon: 1Lv (NEW!)

Parallel thinking: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Zozogante's protection

Activation: Plant

Vandalieu's protection

Protection of Botin

Earth fat demonization: 1Lv (NEW!)

Twin body (NEW!)

The next story will be posted on April 19th.