Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 324: Meeting with the past and utopia

Katie knows that more than Vandalou, the Honorary Counter of Zakart is planning to stay for a long time in the royal orbaum in the center of the lord.

Since Vandaloo did not hide this schedule, it is not possible to hide it more than to enter the school. That’s why Katei was able to understand the conversations of his father with the ability to listen to past events in a designated space.

That’s why she wanted to go to the center to fit the time when Vandaloos were on her father. The name is for studying. It was impossible to spend as a young woman as before to her who gave birth to the personality and memory of the former world. Therefore, she seems to be a genius from around. I used it this time.

Of course, Lucas Hartner, the father of Katie, who is wary of Vandalou, should not be accepted easily. For this reason, Katie wrote a letter of recommendation to the Orbaum Magicianルドldmaster of the Duchess of Hartner.

The new 政治ld master, which is purified by politics, wrote a letter of recommendation, which is keenly called her talent. And then, I came from Orbaum’s ルドldmaster, “Welcome to study in Katy, so Lucas only allowed herself.

Of course, there was a guardian and escort to study abroad, and she lived in the villa of the Baron House of Hartner. It is because I was thinking from the beginning that I can act freely as a Duke's daughter.

Katie is patiently waiting for a chance, and he attended the party where the arcrum dwelled, and rushed towards the Vandalu discovered.

Because there is an arm of magecraft and combat technology learned in the former world of Namazhuang, I remember the pressure as an overwhelming strong person。 beauty from the Eleonolas, but I came out before I stepped out.

...... Vandaloo Zakart No rumors.

On the other hand, Caiti’s action was complete innocent to Vandaloo. Her name was known as the genius of magecraft while he was young.

However, I didn’t know that I had to be alert. The reputation of being a genius is also the degree that it is attached to a pillow lingering called "to make that age". Now, Vandalu is the most wary of the six-way holy and the reincarnation who was the direct part of it.

There is no possibility that Katie Hartner is the sixth year old. So it was almost unpredictable.

“I was surprised that you were called ‘Uls’.”

In other words, Vandalou stands out of surprise, and tells the ghosts who live in the venue as they disappear, eleonola, bermond, and the appearance.

"Yes, if possible, I would like to make an opportunity to talk to you. Magic, old things, etc.

It is good. I think you can have interesting stories about history.

In fact, there was no need for caution in caution. She has a slightly stretched claw with eleonola, a tail with slightly swelling belmonds, and a sprinkling of branches with a small squeezed iris, and has only the ability to easily and mowing.

And I can see that there is no hostility to her in a short conversation so far and I don’t have to worry about talking importantly. It is natural that there are eyes and ears of other guests, but it is a Vanderoo that has not been expected to contact the [Ulzu].

“So, let’s go!”

That said, Katie is not away. She said that her individual does not have an enemy in contact with Vandalou and asked her to make time later so that she can talk importantly.

By the way, the guardian and escort of Katie had discovered her for a while ago, but it was not possible to approach because he had already spoken with Vandaloo.

"Eh, I'm in the near future."

And Vandalou does not follow her. However, in the near future, if possible, I would like to tailor to Kimberley, a pre-exclusive scout.

And after Katie left, the lady who just looked at the appearance came back to me. Because the opponent was the deceased of the Duke's family, they were not able to pro de not only to interfere with the behavior, but they can move freely now.

When I looked at the situation after Katy, and speaking to Vanderou, I thought that the conversation would be established, I checked each other and tried to talk from those who control it.

。 It was hard, but I thought I could see it.

But Dalcia came back. In the social world, it is common to interact with parents and deepen friendship. There are no minors who are not同伴d by parents or guardians.

However, there was no one who did not take two legs in front of the costumes arranged like a dress.

After mobilizing the variants, the laces and ruffles of liquid metal knitting by Vandalou are suppressed and the exposure is suppressed, so the impression is also gorgeous. And because it is a liquid metal fabric, it was shiny, and it was clear that the dress worn by the dear lady and you attend this party.

My mother is tired. Are there any strangers?

“Oh, it’s okay, tucker... I carefully selected the person invited by the vice president of Arkulem. In addition, we all complimented the dress that Vandalou re装ed. Orbaum is also reputable.

“It’s because my mother is wearing it.”

。 It is said that it is not such a thing"

"Yes, it was just looking at the winds far away."

By the way, it was not only Dalcia but also Zadilis, Paulvina and Isen.

“I don’t think it’s impossible.”

Zadilis and Eisen are not customers. And there weren’t any invitations to see how they should be contacted to the obedi who is both intelligent and human in the same appearance as the people.

It is a manner to compliment women in the social world. However, there is a difference in how to compliment. It is not possible to praise young women who have not yet yet, but it is a manner violation because it is not misunderstood that passionately praised for married women and married women.

On the contrary, it is rude to respond to women who are not married, as if they are married or married.

The relationship between the other party's house and his house, and the political standing position are also related.

For the aristocrats who live such a somewhat social world, they did not know what kind of categories are the women of 魔gue. Isn’t a free woman, but can you treat it like a married or married woman and not rude?

In this case, even if it is compassionate or glossy, it is difficult to praise directly.

"In the first place, we are guarding the neighborhood that is troublesome like Van. How do we call us troublesome?

Eleonola is wearing a dress because it is armor-like to the extent that the shape of the costume can not be hidden in a little arrangement.

“I understand the face of the aristocratic people ... If I know the subtle quality, it will be annoyed, so it is easier to treat it now.”

Bermond, who is not wearing disguise for the same reason as Eleonola, was the same as usual. The man's clothing stands out in the social scene, but she is not conf  because she is in this place.

“Well, Vandaloos didn’t have a strange person? Is it okay for Paulina and Bermond?”

“Yes, Alex is okay because he is not in this place.”

“Oh, I’m happy, but I’m happy to hear from you.”

In addition, I was able to get into it because I started a conversation with Japanese people. I was told to check with Vandalu, but I was not interested in him and interested in him.

The dear daughters who were ordered by parents and were going to respond to them, but they didn’t have a real workmanship or the ability to perform their duties.

"Oh, but in the town of Moxie, I'm ......"

"Mother, I didn't want to go to Bermond's tail."

"Dalcia, husband, and my tail are not likely to attract attention to it. The subject in the town of Moxie is my oil. Forgot your password?

"」"

Dalcia and Vanderou cheeks are redded and cheered with such bermonds. However, I was misunderstanding that “I don’t want to touch others because they are trauma.”

"Oh, it's not a strange person, but Katie Hartner is happy. She is [Urz]

“Oh! It’s hard, but I don’t have to 、ry.” It is good to be able to get along like Kana-chan.

Dalcia reveals that the katy that was a reincarnation has no hostility from the state of Vandaloo. For her reincarnation is the re、ation of Vandalu, but there is no other than the opponent who is clearly対 against the enemy like Inui Hajime.

Some people have the same family relationship as Canako, Doug, Melッサ, and others. That's it.

“How do you do the Duchess of Hartner?”

“I’ve been in contact with me, maybe I want to talk about it. Let's talk

“Yes, right? I’m here until the dance begins. I’ve helped him, but I’m really looking around.”

Dalcia, who had a挨拶 to the aristocratic who spoke from the next time, had succeeded in responding to uninterrupted situations by saying a social resignation, but that was not due to his ability.

"Try, Chiplus"

"It's a splendid honour, Vandaloo"

Chiplus is the workman of the former wicked vampire, so it remembers the face and name of many kings. In addition, I was good at remembering the face and name of people because I was infiltrating human society as a merchant.

In addition, there is a wealth of experience interacting with aristocratic.

He taught her the name and reputation of the aristocratic family.

“Yes, let’s dance and crush the time when dance begins.”

It is better to crush the time by repeating the opponents in your own rather than obstructing the dance to the strange aristocratic. It was Vandaloo, but when the dance started, it was to dance repeatedly with Dalcia and Pauvina.

On the night of that day, Katie was finally released and entered the room used as a bedroom.

“I understand the feelings of those people, but it’s too long.”

“You are a minor for them.”

?」

I saw Vandaloo crawling out from the gap between the closet and the wall.

“How is it so narrow?”

"No, it was not hidden in this gap, but I just took the [transition gate] in this gap."

Vandaloo, who had been tailored to Kimberly, and reported, had a “transition gate” in an unob sive location in Gphadoghan. ...... I didn’t think I could open the space between furniture and walls, so I was surprised.

“What is the story?”

Yes. The Duchess of Hartner

From the majestic to the majestic, Katie talked about what his house and his father did with the ability of [Uruz] to Vandalu, and asked him to appoint him as a baptist of Heartner, and to do as much as possible.

The answer to Vandaloo was concise.

。 Wait

Vandaloo was the only word for Katie, who was keen to be aware of abuse and killing.

However, Katie remembered that the back muscle was frozen.

If you are wondering, Vandalou is originally giving up the Duchess of Hartner. So he does not do anything from himself to the Duchess of Hartner or its territory.

No harm. In that regard, it may be safe, but at the same time, it does not save.

He does nothing, even if his father, Lucas, and his uncle, Berton fell from the cliff.

That’s why Vandaloo can be easily nodded to the katy. That’s why you’re going to do anything.

And I will wait as I said.   you’re a decade or a hundred years or a thousand years.

“Oh, that’s it! I’m sure you’ll have your fathers! If you’re wondering, I’ll take my basin and take care of it!”

“Please calm down, Kate’s ...... is it good? I remember the preferences of Kate’s personality and behavior. “I want to support you.”

Vandalu remembered his feelings in the thoughts of Katie, not removing his father Lucas Hartner.

I can't throw away the family that connects with blood and love. That’s why Vandaloo says.

Wanderlust believes who can easily throw away the family connected with blood and love. I don’t know when I’m backing up. To believe in such a person, it is not to kill and kill.

“So, let’s support you to “、”. ...... Basically, we only support you.

Lucas Hartner is unsuitable as a father, but it is not because he wants to help a family other than his father?

“Of course.” My father loves me. Mother Uncle ...... I don't know it.

“Oh, how do you think of your uncle?”

“Yes, I’m so...”

Mr. Lucas, the father of Katie, and his disciple, Berton, had a few years ago the successor of the Duchess of Hartner. At that time, he had a relationship with each other.

Now that he gave the Duke to Lucas, he should try to make his son the next Duke.

The meeting with Katie seemed to be a real thing that can convince each other.

“I’m sure you don’t know anything about Rokudo St. and his subordinates. If you were unable to rebirth in this world, I’m glad that.”

I heard that I was dead in "Rokudo holy...? No, I did not say anything. So whether the soul was too scared or not, it was impossible to rebirth or not, Rodo Corte is going to not rebirth six times ..."

However, when the topic spreads to Rokudo-san, it became 臭endous odor.

"It's funny."

The Spirit of St. Rokudo is not hurt. Vandaloo tried to eat the soul, but failed. It may not be intact, but it should be far away from the impact of personality and memory.

The more interesting thing is that Katie does not teach clearly about the treatment of six ways. If Rod Corte is not going to rebirth him, it will be disturbed in some way, it will be monitored, and it will not be taught to Katie, one of the sacrifices of six ways.

It is not something else for you who already live in this world. It may cause serious damage to the Duchess of Hartner by the dead attribute magic.

If you think of the possibility, you will tell it clearly. If the character of the subturbation heard from Kanako, you should do so.

Vandalou is not familiar with the subturbation and spring used by Lodo Corte, but I heard what kind of appearance was from Kanako.

They wanted to cool down to their friends, like Canako and Murakami, but they wanted to be more suspicious and in。ring with Vandalou.

Murakami is the person who killed the subturbation, and the canakos of the time that he was working with him are not placed away, and Vandalou is also known.

However, Katy is not backed by subturbation. They should be friends in their sense. If you are a subturbulence, you should tell her about the treatment of six ways.

“Well, Rodo Corte, who feared that the information is transmitted to you from my mouth, stops the mouth... to continue to focus on the sixth way.”

"It's possible. In fact, we are alert and collect information.

We are committed to the sixth-way sanctuary to the attention of Vandalou. That’s why we can think about it. The rebirth of Rodocolte, except the sixth and the subordinates, is about the Asagiri people, but there is a possibility that the Alda and his subordinates chose the candidate.

......If you look at the situation where Rodocolte and Arda meet, you may think that the possibility is low from the cooperation relationship of cracking.

“But I think I should assume the、 potential.”

“T!’s why Rodo Corte was reborn six times!”

I was surprised by Katie. How do you send a six-way holy to become a dead-type magician and to make a fatal damage to the origin?

It seems that it is destroyed by the world to defeat the Great Ma King who intends to dominate the world, as a counter .

“I don’t know whether the sixth way can crush the soul, gh。, and destroy it like me. If it was not possible, it might not be a problem as Rodo Corte.

It is not possible to do the same because the magic of the same attribute can be used."

In theory, it is possible to use the same attribute magic. However, because there is a difference between individuals, it is not limited to reality. In fact, the sixth road was not able to操e with the spirit like Vanderou and Pluto.

So Vandalou believed that Rodo Corte could be used as a force to fight because Rodo could not crush the soul.

“But if a lot of people died”

"The world continues ... If this world survives in a desirable way for Alda and Rodo Corte, it is not a problem because there will be hundreds of years of death, and a few years later. That’s right.

Or you may not be human to give me.

When Vandaloo said that, Katy was extinct.

“Now, I didn’t tell me about the sixth way.”

“No, it may have been a message to you as a subordinator.”

In Katie, when he was shocked to his friend who was trusted as a true blue, Vandalu said that he was calm.

“Your use is not against God, so if you command Rodo Corte to flow information about the sixth way, you will not be able to say anything.

However, it is unnatural to say nothing about the treatment of the sixth way, so I was told to make a good misunderstanding to Rodo Corte, but deliberately I did not say anything, it might be a good idea for you."

I didn’t know what kind of interaction between Rodocolte and subturbulence, but I thought Vandaloo was not that.

She believed that “Rod Corte has been sealed without reincarnation of the sixth time.” And I wouldn’t believe myself who had heard it from her completely, but it may loosen the warning.

It is thought that it was a message of subturbation because it did not do such a simple disguise work.

(Is it safe?)

I didn’t think so.

(... Well, Katie is just “cheering” and she may fall down with a mental shock and give birth to her family.)

So when Vandaloo was self-justified, Katie was re立ちed.

It may be. But what should I do?

“Oh, I’m more likely to change the sixth way, so I’ll continue to be wary, but I’m not particularly new...”

He is warned not to collect information using the network of adventurers ルドlds, or to attack the Vidal Magic Empire or the Duchess of Alcrem.

More alerts are difficult.

The security of the western side of the Bahn Gaia continent, where the Amid Empire is located, relies on the villages maintained by the Dark Elves on an emergency basis, as well as Schneider and his friends...but Vandalieu and his friends are not the guardians of the entire Lambda world. Even if there was great damage in the Amid Empire, unless it was someone related to Schneider, they probably wouldn't care.

Protecting the safety of the Amid Empire is the duty of the government that rules the Amid Empire, and Vandalieu has nothing to do with it.

The same could be said for the Hartner Duchy, which had no alliance with it... Vandalieu felt it would be a pain to do nothing since he had just said he would support him, so he asked his friends for their opinion.

“What do you think I should do?”

“How about we give you the goblin communicator? Or, have some ghosts to contact you. That way, I think we can contact you right away in case of an emergency.''

When Vandalieu called out to him, Princess Levia suggested that she appear.

"Huh!?"

Princess Levia smiled at Katie, who was surprised by the appearance of a beautiful giantess with brown skin that looked like she was covered in flames, with her thighs missing.

"nice to meet you. Do you understand me? ”

"Y-yes. Princess Levia, right?"

Katie, who was watching the past footage of her being burned at the stake in [Uruz], felt her blood boil from the intensity of the scene.

I don't feel any murderous intent or anger, but I just feel an overwhelming difference in power... magical power. When it was Vandalieu, the difference was so overwhelming that she couldn't notice it...but Katie realized that he was overwhelmingly strong, just like Eleonora, Belmont, and Aizen.

``Yes...just like His Majesty, I support you. Good luck.''

Princess Levia, who mixed red flames with black, encouraged Katie. His tone was very gentle, and the smile on his face gave the impression that he was even friendly. However, it seemed to Katie that something was burning deep within her narrowed eyes.

"Yes, yes. I'll do my best."

A goblin communication device to give to Katie, whose face was as white as paper... While taking out a magic item made from a goblin's shrunken head from the shadows, Vandalieu spoke to her so that she would not panic and take too hasty measures.

"It's okay. I'll wait years, even decades, and even if I fail to persuade you, I won't hold you or your brothers and sisters responsible."

I thought I had assured her that, but Katie interpreted it as something that had been implicitly said, ``If I can't convince her, my parents won't survive,'' so she hurriedly nodded and replied, ``I'll do my best!''

In this way, a hotline was set up between Vandalieu and Katie Hartner.

The next episode will be posted on July 21st.