Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 354: The Freed Evil Dragon’s Roar

Edgar is a fight against Arda’s trial dungeon, and he will not hurt his soul to Vanderou. The “God of Reincarnation” rodocolte, whose treatment was asked to “God of Reincarnation” Alda, used Edgar as part of the soul of the Mao Gudulanis.

The reason why Rod Corte did such a horrible thing is that some of the souls of Gudulanis used to Edgar for him were not a threat or danger.

A fine fragment with no meaning when separating the soul of Gudulanis into a number of missing pieces. That’s because it was “the soul powder of the magical Gudulanis”.

If the soul is expressed in metal or wood, it is like fine metal scraps and sawdusts that appear when cutting out. Of course, there was no power to make such a thing, and it was only used instead of glue to block the wound.

As the result is only the treatment of the soul expert Rodocolte, Edgar is contrary to the idea that it is difficult to return as an adventurer even if it is a waste person or recovery, and it was able to return in a short time.

After that, as a fl、 to revitalize the six-way sacrifice, we used the 片facts of the Genius Gduranis. In cts of Gudulanis and Memory are transplanted to the soul of the sixth way, and the curse is used to crush the soul of others.

When I was reborn in Rokubo “Ramda” I was good.

However, Alda, who was a soul expert, and Rodo Corte himself, too. It’s not an expert in the opposite-shaped soul, although it’s 熟練 to treat the souls of humans and flora, but is different from the usual organisms like Gudulanis.

I thought that reinforcement of the six-way experience and the help of developing the dead attribute magic [memory], the thoughts and feelings of Gudulanis at that time were overcome, and it changed when Rokudo pulled out information from [memory].

The in ct was only thought of the lubricating oil required to操e the fl  that was made of the [Witch King's Flaw], which assisted the battle of the sixth way, and moved cunningly six times to survive. In order to survive as a [in ct] of Gudulanis, not the [in能ct] of Rokudo St.

And the most out of the calculation for Rodocolte was that the [in能ct] and [memory] applied to the six-way, the [powder] and the presence of each other were sensibly linked. Originally, it was a soul, but it was a great idea for Rodo Corte, such as being judged and indulging in the soul of another existence.

Gduranis succeeded to collect six-way and edgars in a single battlefield without notice to Rodo Corte and Arda. Then I failed several times, but I succeeded in killing Edgar on the sixth way.

(Yes, I got something out of me... I am, who? Edgar? Luke? I'm so s pted in my chest? ... Oh, yeah. I'm an adventurer, today I'm a honey, a deザer, a rye, Martina and a ルドld...)

[powder] is absorbed by the soul of the sixth way. Only the souls of Edgar, which were deeply damaged, and the spirit of Luke.

Edgar’s body is getting dead, so it’s time to confuse consciousness.

[Return! My will, my feelings, my thoughts! I just got back!]

[Powder] absorbed and f。 Gudulanis [memory] and [in能ct] seized with joy. 【Powder】It was like a魂bish when I cut off my soul. However, it was a part of each part of the soul ... [will], [感情], and [thinking], and other parts.

[Powder] Just as Rodo Corte was thinking, there was no power ... It was just to strengthen Edgar and affect its personality. However, by blending with other soul fragments, we created the functions of each part. However, the amount is not enough to return to the original.

However, the existence of supplementing it has already been prepared.

“What’s it?”

What's happening?

Rokudo St. was a confusion. His spirit was filled with the feelings of turbulent, intense nausea and s ing hypersensitivity, and the feeling of loss that the whole body was missing from the edge.

』

(Is the body distant?)

The feeling is separated from the body. As you look at the screen, you can see the image.

(What’s it??? I didn’t get the power of the King Gudulanis!??)

[Yes! You will be the only God of heaven in this world who will get my power!]

(Who is this?)

In contrast to the feeling of the body that goes far away, the sixth way was memorized. A ning in the fight against Vandalou, but I thought that it was completely suppressed by my own senses.

(Well, you are Gudulanis!? It’s a deer, but I’m sure I’ve been completely controlling the missing parts of the soul of Gudulanis!)

[Oh, I was deceptive that I was controlled by you]

(What is it?? It should not be able to make such a cunning immision in the primitive [in能ct] without thinking or sense!)

Do you think about it? Even in the world where you were born, the presence of a wise生物 for survival? the primitive organism will be腐ten? For example, wearing your own death in front of the enemy.

In addition, [memory] was embedded in your soul. What do you have to do in my past memory?

Rokudo was convinced while remembering the coldness of Gudulanis. Until now, he came up with the knowledge of the [Witch King's Flaws] taught by Rodo Corte and thought that all missing pieces are only active to run out. It was thought that other than the lack of soul that I thought was [thinking] or [intelligibility], it was not an intelligent state.

[In、ct] I didn’t think that the missing piece is running out, but it doesn’t seem like a false death.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

[Hhahahaha! It is this thing that the 猛ef is 猛ent! It is noble and Rodo Corte who tried to use our soul and body! If you are grieving, it is good to resent your innocentness, and the sweetness of the甘 of Rodo Corte!]

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

While feeling the desperate prejudice came up, the six-way explored how to regain the power of the body from Gudulanis in his brain.

(How did you know about how to draw a fragment of a fine soul that was built into the soul of Edgar?)

Rokudo thought that this situation was desperate, but it was not packed yet. If you are pregnant, I thought that you were just taking the body on Gudulanis.

Gduranis was just parasitic, because he didn’t shake his recognition.

[Is it? Do you have the right to lead? What do you say? What do you know?

(What do you say?)

I tried to look around where the unpleasant laughter of Gudulanis, while remembering the cata phic cold.

Then I noticed. The laughter is close to me... I'm behind my own... I'm going to do it from my back.

(Is my soul being absorbed by you?)

【Yes, it's a six-way ... I'm not!】

The head of the sixth lane had a face of Gudulanis. No, as soon as the sixth road recognized, he realized that his recognition was wrong.

What is this?

When the six-ways move the eyeballs and see themselves, there was their back. It was not Gudulanis, but he himself.

(Now! You should not be able to absorb your soul! And the curse of Lodcorte still works!)

[Natari! That’s right! It was impossible to crush the souls before they were defeated by Berwood! And now, the annoying curse is tied to us! It’s the same as our hatred Vandalu!]

However, Gudulanis continued.

【But the soul of Rokudo Holy is separate! It is not that you are crushing your soul, but you are喰ing! We are!】

In that word, I understood the cause of all six directions.

(Rod...Colte...Rod Corte!)

In the soul of the sixth-way Holy, the [In能cts] and [ ries] of the Magic King Gudulanis were embedded by Rodo Corte. Yes, it was embedded. [In cts] and [ ries] of Gudulanis help six ways. That's right.

So Gudulanis can interfere with the soul of the sixth way, even now the curse of Rodo Corte. If you are pregnant, Gudulanis and Rokudo are the same soul.

If it was just a parasitic case, such as a human whose deficiency of the body was the host, it would not be.

[Of course, you have earned the honor that you become one of us in the thanks of the soul expert Rodo Corte! But do you think that you have tried to use us, and you are guilty?]

(I'm God! To God...)

[Oh, you are God! It is the soul of God that can endure to function as part of us, not the soul of a vulnerable human being! Your知恵 connects our soul fragments with the senses!]

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. Well! Gudulanis, I'm on your step!)

The sixth road was supremely headed to regain the power of the soul. Learn how to fight with soul in a short time and try to resist Gudulanis.

HOME

Gudulanis drew a lot on it. The sixth road, which had a half or more of the power of the soul, was greatly relieved.

(Is it?)

In the part of the soul of the sixth way, Vandalou's [God-Karai] skill has effect [Death gun] and [Cannon] burst.

Vandalu, who doesn’t know what the soul of the six-way is, has attacked the six-way that started a痙攣ulsion.

[Hah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Thanks to you! Rokudo holy, thank you for the people who you were using! Like you became a stepping! For you who made this a pleasant mood!]

The Sixth Road, which became the state of thinking, was the voice of the Gudulanis at the end ... part of Gudulanis.

The consciousness of Gudulanis appears in the outside world.

"Wow, I'm sorry! I'm resurrected! I'm finally resurrected! I'm the King of the Magic" Gudulanis!

Highly。 their own name. Before being sealed, the gods and people of this world screamed with fear and despair.

Ugly and dirty clear blue sky and a warm and unpleasant early summer atmosphere. That’s it, it’s a refreshing feeling. A woman who has left Vidah and a friend of Edgar, Heinz was amazed at the mood of Gudulanis.

"Khahaha! Indeed,"

"Field"

The faces of Gudulanis sprinkled with blood, brain, and bone fragments.

“Yes, Edgar!”

The head of the Edgar, who had left the chest in the arm of Gudulanis, was blown off with the 片 of the King. Heinz gives sadness again.

"...I'm satisfied with the turtle? Did you want to kill the body that is just the dead in the last ten seconds?"

So, when I wiped the blood and cerebral plasma of Edgar, Gdulanis was a gentle tone, but when I asked him to release the killing as much as the zod, Vandalou had noded to the muzzle.

"Yes, it was a priority rather than making unwilling whether or not it worked before. But what do you think there is no soul? You don’t see the spirit of the man... Did you crush?

Vandalou blowed the head of the Edgar who was dead, but he couldn’t eat the soul.

"Do not crush the soul." After taking out the fine fragments of our souls, we are inverted to our souls. Like Rokudo St.

I see. ......Rod Corte is not a na  thing as usual."

Vandaloo doesn’t know what was in Edgar and Rokudo and what was in Rodo Corte. However, not only the sixth roads, but also the Edgar, there is something of Gudulanis, and Gdulanis revived for some reason because he was killed in the sixth road. I guessed.

In other words, rodocorte is bad.

However, there will be another opinion on the "five-colored blades". At least, Vandalou recognizes that the reason why Edgar died is obvious to him. If you’re wondering what Edgar was doing in Rodo Corte, the cause is that he hurts the soul of Edgar until he was a dungeon of the trial of Alda.

That’s why we can’t be curious about what we are doing, but their opinions are different. He is conscious of Gudulanis more than Vandaloo. I don’t know what they are doing, but it seems to have priority on Gudulanis than Vanderou.

There is no reason why the wings are more than the gudulanis. Let's go. Gudulanis and Vidas, and I'm far from my own monies)

Vandaloo gave up, and he aimed at Gudulanis again.

“Is it revived, is it the shape of your child?”

The figure remains a black humanoid, but the eyes are sharper than when it was a six-way, and the ends of the mouth are ripped up to the ear, and the face is more 顔ent.

However, there is nothing to say that it is the appearance of the magical king Gudulanis, which was told in myth.

“I don’t have that. There is no reason why we change from this shape because we have not found value in a particular figure unlike you.

And while we are sealed, we take a few pieces of fl、 and ask them to be tampered.

In fact, Gudulanis is different from the true form. It is important that the fl  of the body is incomplete or there is no meaning to change.

“Vandaloo, great, there is no specific form in Gudulanis.” It is possible to change to the most convenient form at that time."

When we were headed by the Mao army, Gudulanis had a sharp fan of the corner like the crown, a body wrapped in hard shells and scales, and the wings of the film were born on the back and looked like a pair. However, when it comes to fighting, it changed to arms, legs and heads each time.

"I know now, but maybe the former was made to the people and God of this world to make it easy for me to understand and to encourage fear."

“Before I came to this world, I didn’t see it as much as I know.”

“Since I came to this world, I was able to take a look at some people who lived in the continent that is now called the Mao continent.”

Vandalu was nodded to the words of Fidi Lug,宿ed by Guphadgang, Vida, and Gatagata and the five evil canes震ed by small en ds.

Apparently, Gudulanis didn’t come up with certain shapes and forms, and they seemed to have been used by situations and applications.

“Well, it’s relatively important to see what you’ve seen before.” It seems to have been revived, but what are you going to do? ? Do you continue to kill with us after the will of St. Rokudo?

“I’m like I’m not going to fight depending on my will.”

"Confirmation" There are various options to return to the original world, or to transfer the body to human or something.

Gudulanis is for Vidas, but I wanted to check the intention of Gudulanis as Vandaloo. ......Alda is now in progress than Gudulanis for Vida, and there is no direct resentence against the Magnolia.

"What!? Is it true?? Is it going to miss the King??"

“What’s the confirmation? What can you say, “I’m satisfied with the revival” or “Let’s stop the fight anymore?”

“The killing that can be released from the guy is obviously towards you!? Isn’t you aware of it?”

Heinz, Jennifer, and Diana scream each, but Vanderou does not turn his eyes.

"Sound," "Five-colored blade" together! There is a deep thought like Vanderou! "

“Well, right? I think it’s just a word.  

"Our Air, Our Air, Our Air..."

Ira screamed towards the buzzers, but the opinion of Paulina is correct. There is no deep thought on Vandalou.

However, if you earn a little time, you might end up with the rescue activities that Sam has done.

。 There are a number of options for us that are located in a completely different situation than before being defeated by Berwood.

Gudulanis, who speaks to him, reiterates his vandaloo and his friends, and Heinz. And I started talking about options.

It is also easy to kill and destroy the帝国atures of the impervious imperial empire, and destroy the生きers who shake the tail as you are.

Rodo Corte is one of the pillars of our existence.

I heard that Vandaloo was the first time to know that Lod Corte was trying to destroy the Vidal Magic Empire, not just the life of Vandaloo.

“...I don’t have to be destroyed again.”

Vanderlus, whose deter。 is renewed, and Node Darcia and Aila.

"Now, I re纏ed the residual party of the Magnolia army, and again caused the battle lost tens of thousands years ago, and it is also a deer to invade this world. “In fact, it is not used to be a vulnerable person who does not want our resurrection, while singing to the devotees of the underlying organisms.”

On the other hand, Gudulanis denied the resumption of invasion while bending the second finger. On the other hand, Heinz emphasizes skep。 vision, “Do you say it?”

I cannot return to the world that I originally existed. It was already destroyed tens of thousands years ago, and now the world itself is extinguished.

I don't have any hatred, kyo-sei, or join under the  . The possibility of coexistence with you is not visible even if you use the brain of the six-way saint

Gudulanis abandoned the choice of return to their hometown without seeing the sorrow. I was thrown away ten thousand years ago. It is also denied to join the Vandalu umbrella in this world. Like some of the wicked gods of the Devil’s residual party, Gudulanis is too different from the world’s values and preferences.

That’s why we were able to create this world without hesitation to create magical objects and magical objects.

And he said the last finger of the fifth.

"If you leave from this continent, it is said that it is the most risk-free choice to spend time in the case of uninhabited islands like cass.

The a。ogance and negligence of Rodocolte, and the struggle of Vida and Alda were overlapping, and this was a good revival. “I have no risk of fighting with hatred and noble people who are trying to revive and revenge.”

Gudulanis, which is now in progress, is still a magical power of all souls and bodies. There are no magical objects in the past, and the surroundings are enemies. And Vanderou is capable of crushing and 。ing the soul in front of you.

It’s a判断 decision to avoid the fight.

“So... I will kill you all at this place!”

However, Gudulanis did not have a “real” decision. Bend all five fingers to create a fist with a dead attribute magecraft.

“I thought it would be...”

Vandaloo, who took the black fist with a 鉤 claw, answered that the power was greater than expected, but it was a bit confusing.

“I was malicious about us, and I was just getting stronger.”

“Let me pull it out! No matter how I answered you, you were probably going to destroy me in the end! ”

A new wrist grew on the arm from which the fist had been severed. Furthermore, it spits out highly poisonous air cannons from the [Demon King's Nose] that appear all over its body.

``It's obvious. If you miss this and give them time, the number of monsters will only increase and attack.''

While saying that, Darcia offsets the air cannon with attack magic.

“That’s right! However, no matter how I looked at it, all I could think was that by the time the preparations were complete, your fighting power would have been greater than it is now! ”

"Even though you were making fun of us, what you're doing is the same as Rokudou!"

“Did you think it would change? ? I will kill you guys and take back the [pieces] of my body from Vandalieu! I will take back my soul from Alda and Rodcorte! ”

"Oooooooooooooo! I'm going to have Edgar's soul released!"

Guduranis wiped away the water attribute magic fired by Kanako with a swing of his arm, and Heinz rushed in from behind, holding a holy sword.

“[Shunki Holy Flash]!”

Heinz tried to cut Guduranis's flank with a faster sword technique than when he fought Vandalieu, but his attack was read.

“Kaha! I am absorbing Edgar's soul, right? I can clearly see your movements! ”

Then, I glanced over. Guduranis was aware. There were people in this place other than Heinz and the others who could not be called allies of Vandalieu.

“Then, what do you think of my movements? [Zekkuu Hyakusen]”

Randolph's countless sword strikes flew through the air and hit Guduranis's body, but he couldn't stop moving, probably because they weren't working.

“The human touch! Even if you are not a hero, will your sword be effective? Now, let's break the seal! ”

Guduranis emitted a black ray from the arm that grew on her back. Unable to avoid it, ``he'' couldn't help but scream.

“Giyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa? Wow, the seal... can be broken! ? ”

“Levez!?”

“Guyiiiiii? ”

When Luvezfol was hit by the black beam, he let out a scream of pain for a moment, and then his body, which was a huge wyvern, expanded and transformed at a tremendous speed.

Then, what appeared was the figure of the ``Violent Dragon God'' Ruvesfol, a dragon with both water and earth attributes, with a long, slender body like a snake, a head reminiscent of a crocodile, short legs with claws, a tail with fins, and membrane wings. ...The wounds he received from Vandalieu and the members of the ``Storm of Violence'' before being sealed inside his body remain unhealed and are painful.

“Oh, oh, my true form, my true body...! ? ”

“Now, Luvesfol, release your sealed anger and grudge! Depending on how well it works, I'll add it to my team again! ”

Guduranis noticed that Ruvesfol was sealed in the form of a wyvern, and figured out that he was not following Vandalieu wholeheartedly.

And he thought that Luvezfol, who once betrayed the gods of this world and came down to him, would come down to him again. Because a traitor betrays not just once, but two or three times.

“…No need to say it! ”

Luvesfol glared with anger in his eyes, and took a breath to let out a breath. It couldn't be vomited while it was sealed; it was the breath of a true dragon, not a dragon species. Even if he is injured, a tremendous power converges that can obliterate a castle or city if it hits him directly.

“Levez!”

Pauvina called him by his pet name and pointed at him.

“Do it!”

“Your will! Die, you damn demon lord! ”

And then, Luvesfor slammed his anger towards Guduranis.

“What! ? ”

Although Guduranis was surprised, he immediately tried to block the breath with a shield he created using magic, but the shield was shattered by the black electric shock of [Black Lightning] released by Vandalieu.

“Y-you! ? Guooooooooooo! ! ”

Then, Guduranis, who was caught off guard many times, disappeared into the torrent.

The next episode will be posted on January 19th.