Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 405: The hero who brought a god into his body VS the great demon lord who calls himself a god

We are waiting for you.

“What did you do with Deliza?”

Vandaloo, who took away the body of the deliza, ignores the voice of the nain road that resonates from the shield that the body of his body is holding, abandoned the weapon and grabbed the residue of the gufadghan while being ske。ed in the "Pile of the Law" and took the distance from the honey that himself blowed.

“Oh!”

If you are wondering, the more power you can withstand even if you receive a  re cannon. However, it is not effective because it only振s the sacrifice before it can not bear, not intact.

However, the status indicates that there are a number of equipment, skills, and Alda, in addition to the bellwood, can be fighted from the front of Vandalu.

However, the sacrifice paid for it was large.

“Delivery!”

“So, this is me.”

Vanderoo, who took on the body of the deliza, screaming and returning to Heinz, joins the busdias to check the yupeon and nirtark. They seemed to be 反射ent in the midst of their losses, but they were reflected to attack the shield that Nine Road was in.

Home I don’t want to be Van-kun except that there is no expression.

I can see the smell of blood. My eyes are dead.

“I didn’t want to be honest. It’s bad to move the body of the enemy.

Thanks to this, the sense of accomplishment and feeling of coolness that I remembered by defeating the enemy are now one. However, I can’t afford to immerse yourself in the sense while fighting.

“How can we do it effectively?”

It is the moment when Vandalu said how many times he attacked the derザ and took away the body.

Delysa had a vandalous returning blood. The blood is also part of the vandaloo, the same as [greed blood]. The difference between the two is either liquid or air.

When the deザer reaches the limit and solving the ramp of the Nine Road, the blood of Vandalou penetrated into the body from her ears and nose, attacking the brain directly and slaughtering the soul.

In order to recover the shields of guphadoghan and nin-loaded shields, and to strike the harassment of hannes...and in that situation, it was easier to attack and kill the sturdy and tough body guarded by ORIHALCON armor, and to invade from the holes of the nose and ears directly attack the brain.

"It was the end of my luck that I dropped Nine Road. The burden on the body was too large, and I solved it to the "E  Repentance", so I came up with the gap."

』

The derザ is not just getting on the body, but also death... The English spirit who understands it is immersive from the pendant that I dwelled, and I will report to Vanderou...

』

However, before the attack arrives in Vanderou, the main body of Gphadoghan sealed the magic item that was prepared to seal the evil God of the Alda family and the devastated devastated devastation.

』

It is effective to seal for God because the Eindian spirit is not changed to the demon of God. There is no way to put medium fish in the aquarium for large fish.

"If I think I would be destroyed by myself, I should be able. But do you avoid destroying me?

“Eh, I don’t know what you say before.”

The sacrifice of Nine Road will be praised in the Vidal Magic Empire. And the fellows of Vandalu who fought this time will be praised as the singer of the Vida family, and after death it will be faith as a new god.

However, Vanderou is not much to consider Nine Road's pride and surprisingness, it is better to continue the maintenance and management of the world as it is to Nine Road.

I don’t know if I lost my faith, the temple was destroyed, and I was destroyed by the cata phe, or two hundred years later, or a thousand years later, but I don’t want to work until then.

When Vandaloos win, the number of Gods of the Alda forces will be greatly reduced. Nine Road will not come to the world to fully regain power. It is possible to give someone an advocacy.

“No matter what you’re going to do, it’s your own convenience and we don’t have to follow it.”

The reason why I talked to Nine Road is to make a time to pull out the “piles of law” stinged by Gaffado Ghan.

“Vandaloo, great, thanks!”

If it was completely sealed, it might have been in a state that was physically unable to move like a “sinned evil god” jarodips, but Alda did not completely seal the residue of Gphadoghan. It was a mystery whether there was no time to seal completely, and it was a cata phic figure, and it was the intention to make humanity, but it was good for Vandaloo.

“Oh... Is the Deザer Dead?”

From the words of Vanderlou and the state of the Holy Spirit, Heinz, who made the death and soul of the Deliza, did not simplify and re呼吸ed the sword by relieving the breath.

He is not shocked by the death of Deliza, but does not remember sadness or a。. However, you can afford to put it in the table.

】

In fact, Vandalou released the shock waves from the shield to the Heinz. He was playing with a sword without difficulty, but if he had a little consciousness, he would have been shooting.

“It’s cool.”

Vandaloo cast the shield that Nine Road dwelled towards the body of Gphadeghan, while thinking about the inner heart more than expected. Then, together with the princess of mercy and the princess of Levier who stays on his own body, he rushes toward the honey.

"Oh, if not, you won't win."

Heinz didn’t look at Nine Road, and he 撃ed Vandalu with the dellizer body.

“【Jintetsu Ruki, Nine Road is ignored?”

“[Kintetsu Sashimi]! You are going to use the body of the deliza that you are not familiar with forever?”

The black 鉤 claw and the holy sword that the honey shakes from the hand of the derザ, the 鉤 claw breaks and the red black blood splashes and changes to [greed], and hit the honey.

The battle between Kunohchen and Eleonola and Yupeon and Nilthak was also reopened.

戦いing the battle, Gwhadghan will open the transition gate to release the Nine Road as soon as possible.

On the other side of the gate, I chose the island away from the Baangaia continent, which is not related to Vanderou, but Nine Road, who lost the use of Deliza, will not come back as an enemy.

(I was glad to move the battlefield to dungeon...)

If you can move the battlefield to the dungeon, as if you defeated the original vampire bldgine and "the evil god of Esperity" Hijirushka, you will be able to 。 the honeys.

However, he stopped thinking that Heinz is capable of descending Bellwood.

If you are pregnant, Bellwood can clean up the dungeon.

However, purifying the dungeon and stopping the function requires more time and effort than purifying the magic. However, Berwood has worked with Farmowns, Night Roads and Gphadoghan after defeating the former King Güdulanis, but he purifies the entire continent of the King’s homeland and transforms it into a wilderness that can’t grow.

There were decades of wicked gods as the home of the Mao army, and they achieved a 業 of purifying all the continents of the Mao, which had countless dungeons as a production plant of the magic, in a short time, and making it just a wilderness.

After that, because the gods of Alda power left the continent, the entire continent was covered by the magical precincts. There is no difference that Bellwood once cleansed.

Once cleansed dungeons are just a building. When working as a dungeon, the walls and ceilings that could not be destroyed by S-class adventurers and submarine will become the same strength as the stone material.

If you do so, you will not be avoided to fall out of the harbour of the battle of Vanderou.

Of course, I don’t know whether you can purify the inside of the dungeon with Vanderou and your own situation. However, if possible, there are various dangers. For example, if dungeon is purified, it is possible to get gufadoghan and Vandalou damage.

Therefore, Vandalou did not take measures to move from the false Tarosム to the dungeon.

"It's not worth it..."

Gwhadghan sweared to create a maze that fits the sanctuary of the great Vanderu, which is always unclean, whether it is the Great God or the ine God.

“But now you have to focus on the fight”

』

Ice and bone fragments are scattered while the residues released from the main body of Gphadeghan and the Pile of the Law are doing so.

"Onore, Onore! Dirty Undead!"

“God of Ice” Yupeon will freeze the bones that make up the kunochen. The intense cold air is a dangerous thing that takes away the life of people who live beyond extreme cold snow.

“Oh, Oh!”

However, kunochen is an undead, and it is a collection of countless bones. Even if it is frozen and powdered, the bone becomes bone fragments and bone powder, and it is not changed to bone.

"If it is, it will be 、ped in the ice!"

Yupeon was not freeze and crushed the bones, but it was a battle method that 骨s the bone in the ice生み出d by magic. Indeed, the bones that were 骨ped in hard ice along the olihalcon that he made cannot move the kunochen of the basin.

】

However, it is another problem to keep that condition. The bones of the bones in the bones of the kunochen are cut into roses and release the bones of the kunochen.

"Have my ice, the god of ice...! The skeleton style! "

Yupeon distorts the face to the a , causing more and more prosperous ice, not only kunochen, but also bones of bones are 。ped into ice. That momentum was the speed of the bones to tear the ice.

』

However, only a few percent of bones were wrapped in ice. This degree is not damage for Kunohchen, but Gwhadghan also does not need to support it. I thought it would be useful if I left it.

“Well, you are absorbing the bones of the great gods as well as the subdi、?”

In addition, some bones such as "the giant of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of thundering", "the god of the thirst", "the god of the thunder God of the thundering" and "the god of the thirstors".

It was impossible to freeze the bones of the gods with the body, the true giant, and the same as Alda.

』

』

Recombinant the bones, the kunochen transformed into a giant fist, strikes the yupeon. Yupeon is not able to scream, but blows to the grassland outside of the fake Tarosム. A huge crater was made in the grassland by shock.

』

The skeleton with a black sword flies to sting the yupeon.

"I think it's good, but this is the end!"

Kunochen and the bones were strong, and Yupeon was desperately bad. Therefore, I lost. But they are not Vandaloo. I can’t crush my soul.

Now I've just pulled the kunochen and the bones, but I always win the bellwood and Arda.

That’s the time

』

The sword of the sword was deeply cut off the right shoulder of the yupeon, which was じcy. The deeper the shoulders are definitely fatal.

However, even if God is the、, it will be unbehavioral, and it will be resurrected even if it is long as faith is maintained.

However, I was convinced that Yupeon had a big damage to his existence.

』

It was a black sword that he had, not bones.

“What’s the question?”

In the decoration, the eyes of the black magical sword that Yupeon came up with, and the flat and cold voice came out.

“Well, it’s a magical sword...!”

“No, the moment you create before is the body.”

That’s why he’s still fighting with Heinz, but he’s able to alter the role of the body and the division to all of his use.

I used it to have a magical demons on the bones, and I 魂ed his soul with the [S。 kuroi] to make it the body only moment when I created a yupeon.

』

"【Chicago blade killer】"

The martial arts of the bones are cut into countless pieces. The clear sound of the glass, and the fl。 of God scattered as a particle of light, like a light snow.

"It is beautiful only for sprinkling"

』

On the mel  of the bones, kunochen was just disappointed to yupeon.

"Yuppeon!? You will not make a great  to destroy God again!"

"God of Ice" seems to be a sour of Van. Let's do it!

"Sound, dirty vampire ... I'm a new breed of Vida! "

"God of Innocents" Niltak remembered the a。 that the presence of yupeon blown away from False Tarosム, as the organs騰ed. He s es the sinners of the evil Vanderlus and their subordinates as God, and shakes the stalk.

Of course, I can't win only by surprise. The power is consumed while you are doing this because you are not staying in the re ement.

"It is good to reを theを!"

However, the ability to consume Nirtak supplemented the faith of people.

The faith of the believers does not represent a dramatic effect in a short time. However, it’s not only about Nirtark but also for people.

Now, the deceased emperor Ayrek, and the faiths of the Alda powers of the Duchess of Fゾン and Orbaum, and the wicked gods and subdi。s appeared in the Kingdom of Orbaum, which expressed the sense of crisis of people, and prayer to God suddenly occurred.

“This is the power of prayer for those who believe in law and justice!”

It was an eleonola that received a large sickle that Nirtark shakes with a sword, but I realized that the large sickle gradually squeezed into the sword.

The skin of the face is thick. Match Pump

The Holy War, which was caused by the Gods of Alda forces, is still the Alda himself, embedding the 片 of the souls of the magical kings and the gods of the Vida family. The gods of the Alda power that knows nothing can be seen only in the match pump.

“It’s true that we’ve made our strengthless people!”

However, Niltak cuts her magical sword as it is, even if the star is 、ped to Eleonola. She swayed behind her, and now she swayed her life.

“It’s like a thing that only you have chosen.”

However, Dalcia was standing in front of Nilthak.

』

Dalcia played with a cane, and he challenged the game as he was. Niltak, who punishes God, shouldn’t be a good partner for Dalcia who is descending Vida.

In addition, Dalcia has already descended the Vida once to fight Viazekkyoku. It should be consumable, but she cannot see it. It is full of excitement.

"We do not have the same prayers."

So, as the gods of the Alda force who remembered the sense of crisis, the Gods of the Vida family pray.

In addition, the number of believers of the Vida family has been増え in the past decades. It is not only within the borders, but also in the Kingdom of Orbaum, which should be the continent of the magical continent and the human society.

In each Orbaum, the wicked God of the subordinate and the ruthless deities of the ruth appeared in the sky appears, and they are supported by Vandalu and their companions.

For those who have helped, of course, thank Vandalu and their friends, and the gods of the Vida who they believe. Even if it was Alda believer.

The experience of suddenly strong existence appears, and then saved is a sufficient reason for human values. In addition, many ordinary Alda believers are not as stubborn as they do not appreciate for the reason that they are “because they are foreigns” to life and the people of the world.

“I need to go back to my life! Is there any other non-Fasone followers??”

However, I didn’t know Niltak.

“Is life determined to be important?”

Dalcia, who is assimi  to Vida, left a sharp pre-kick towards Nirtark, who命ed to spare lives in front of the Great God of Life Attributes.

』

Vida's knee kicks pierced between the crotch of Nirtark. Even if he was a male god, he was avoided to get目を of white eyes because he was a god without fl。, but he was mentally damaged and fell behind.

】

Then the busdia shakes the black axes towards Nilthak in order to run out of the shade of Dalcia. He tried to fight against the 鎌s using the stone  kes of the 鎌s by avoiding hard while bearing the shock from the crotch.

"【Kihime Dance】!"

Zadilis releases countless spheres shining with magecraft and dazzles the eyes of Nirtak.

』

Nirtarak, who gave up the fight, gave priority to taking distance from her, and further descended back. However, suddenly, I learned a weakness like I lost my magical power, and I saw my belly, there was a shallow scratch. The tip of the busdia axes was broken down.

“Width”

It is enough to cut the magic power. I'm sorry, but I can't stop it.

Another axe, axe, and axe-type wizard are used by busdia.

"I'm regretting that there is still a few Van's weapon-type messengers."

"How to prepare" I think no one will come down from the next time, the magical residue party and the God of Alda power.

Eleonola and Zadilis are heading towards Nilthak. Weapons and magic of ours can not be able to eat the soul of God, but you can be able to sharpen the power to continue to descend.

In the behind of them, Dalcia transforms the cane into a bow. The possibility of Niltak to defeat her was almost zero.

[God: Ice God] [God: Ice God] was integrated into [Agami]!

The magical power recovered!

While listening to brain announcements, Vandalou was fighting with bellwood and Arda at the same time.

“Is God destroyed?” I know if it is dangerous!

The saint sword that honey shakes, cuts the body of the deliza into two pieces.

"It's right, but I'm not good at Nine Road."

But already it is just a shell, but the vandaloo of the uterus that was hidden in the殻dow warts with a 鉤 claw.

In addition, all the blood that was filled with the body of the deraザ has been changed to [greed], and it is also aiming for honey. However, I can not say that it is a must attack in the current Heinz.

Repeat the attack of the purpose of check to each other and aim for the gap to give effective hit. Vandalou has ceased to embrace the soul.

I noticed that the effect of "Pile of Law" is in the holy sword that the Heinz who descended Alda is shaken. There is no power to damage the soul and destroy the statue, but you can seal it. Therefore, if you put your soul into the body, it will become more important.

If the meat microorganisms that make up greed blood are smaller, piles can be hit by the cradle.

“I don’t see any value in the world where I and I don’t have any value.”

For the world where important people exist, Vandalou is hard to do. However, there is no important existence ... I do not have to worry about moving one finger in the world where only people who have harmed the important existence.

That’s why Vandaloo prioritizes their survival. Even if Upeon and Nirtark still survive disappear, the world is not destroyed immediately.

Home

“I don’t have to do that.”

"I can't wait!"

」

Vandalieu, who evades the attack of the holy sword with the effect of ``Stake of Law'' on it by reacting violently with ``Danger Sense: Death'' and attempts to stop Heinz's legs with ``Barrier Bullet'', actually doesn't have much leeway.

On the contrary, there is a high possibility that he will be sealed away if he is attacked, so he is mentally cornered and unable to land a single blow.

However, it seemed to Vandalieu that Heinz was even more exhausted than that.

“[Ryusei Tsuki]! ”

Vandalieu evades the rapidly repeated thrusts by deforming his skeleton and instantly moving his internal organs. Retract the head into the body like a turtle and bend the body into an S-shape.

Then, he fires a counterattack [death gun] from his toes.

Heinz easily evaded it and continued his fierce attack, but sweat was forming on his face. Dropping Alda off has put a huge strain on his mind and body.

Perhaps because of this, his behavior has become a little more aggressive since Bellwood was the only one left behind. If this continues for a long time, I'll probably run out of strength and collapse.

However, it is difficult to earn that time.

“[Seikou Rendou]!”

“[Demon-sucking barrier bullet]”

Heinz, whose all ability values have increased dramatically by taking down Alda, is more of a threat than when Alda was alone. With his sharp movements as a warrior, which Alda didn't have, he repeatedly attacks without any gaps.

Vandalieu fired more than twice as many death-attribute magic bullets to cancel out the countless bullets of light-attribute magic fired by Heinz, but when he felt the strong reaction of [Danger Sensing: Death], he became convinced.

(Ah, it can't be avoided)

He evaded it by concave his head, deflected his torso, and bent his left leg, but the holy sword grazed his right arm.

At that moment, I felt a strange sensation, as if my injured right arm had been pierced and sewn in place. If this continues, he won't be able to move, and the next blow will definitely seal him.

"Hmph"

Vandalieu instinctively sensed this and separated his right arm without hesitation. I felt a sense of loss, not just because I lost an arm, but also because my magic power was reduced by hundreds of millions.

(A part of my soul was sealed away, huh?)

The seal extended not only to his body but also to a part of Vandalieu's soul. Originally, the ``Stake of Law'' was a divine power used to punish and seal away gods without a physical body, so Vandalieu was not surprised as it was a natural effect.

"You separated the soul after all! But I'll just scrape it off!"

And Heinz is no longer surprised that Vandalieu is able to separate not only the body but also the soul. In order not to let go of the chance of victory that they had finally seized, they repeated their offensive.

"Indeed, even I would be in danger if my soul continued to be sealed like this. Unlike the body, the soul does not grow quickly."

He grows a new right arm and repeatedly counterattacks while avoiding Heinz's attacks. However, the tip of the extended tentacle, the articulated leg, and the familiar demon king that was used as a decoy could not be avoided and were slashed by Heinz's holy sword.

Each time, Vandalieu's soul becomes weaker and his magical power decreases.

"Actually, you think so!? Are you saying that you're an exception? That can't be true!"

While denying this, Heinz wields the holy sword and cuts off his ankle, along with the virtual cannon fired by Vandalieu. Another piece of his soul was sealed away.

And I haven't given myself time to release the sealed soul fragments. That should be true, but... Vandalieu doesn't seem to be cornered.

Even if the amount of souls increased by eating Yupeon's soul, it would be too unnatural.

"It's not my strength. It's all thanks to everyone."

As Vandalieu spoke, countless voices praying for him reached his soul.

I'll do my best to post the next chapter as soon as possible.