Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 13 Character Introduction

●Bravatille Type 66 Male

Knights with two names: the Knight of the roaring flame, one of the Alcrem 5 Knights, which is proud of the Duchess of Alcrem. It was already old, but it was said that the amount of work as a knight was not deteriorated, and once I went to the battlefield, I would show the work of Shishi.

However, at the former SCULA autonomy deprivation campaign, led by the Duchess of Le del Sauron, it was a spectacular time. The sacrifice of the officers who participated in the deprivation strategy was reduced to the minimum due to the work of the "Knight of the Thousand Blade" Baldilia.

The lords of each Duke who participated in the revival army were afraid of the top skeleton that stinged him, and he was deeply comm。rating his death. The Duke of Alcrem is given a letter from the other Duke that honors him, or a piece of舞.

In addition, the Ginyu歌 composed his song, the stage writer created a play called "Knight Bravatille Story", and until that, he was not too famous for his place in the "Earth" style, but he became a national monument.

In fact, it is not dead only by swords in bones. The person has been treated to the body of the second generation after being treated to [Young] and a slight形pedic surgery, and has been transformed into a concealed Bravatille, a Bravatille Junior.

After that, he has been busy with both countries, such as preparing to start work like the embassy of the Duke of Alcrem in the Vidal Magic Empire.

The eldest son, who is the successor of his wife and house, knows the truth of things, so he suddenly recognized the hidden child, and took a cold attitude, and he became a slight family, such as returning to the original family where there is no extra person.

And because he knows that the flow of seeing himself in the Duchess of Alcム is accelerated, he knows that his statue stands next to the statue of Gordi.

As a result of this attitude, Vandalou is recognized as a “person who likes himself” and is praised as a “person who uses it”. As a result, it seems to be a外交lomatic plus.

●Boneman Skeleton Quad Hika  ? Male

A bone person who won two names of "roaring flame killing" by the above play.

I have already reached the rank 14 and it is not easy to name the legendary myths, but ... I did not live by anyone, and the appearance is a normal skeleton, etc. I have not earned two names until now, so it should be a happy event, but I think that the story of the acquisition is subtle and the person is the real thing.

In addition, I have consulted with my undead colleagues that can be distracted in the undead that is located in Silky Zaccart Mansion.

●Silky Zakart Mansion Hi-Silky ? Female

In the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum, it was established as an undead by Vandalu.

Originally, it was a residence where the brother of the chief of the Duke of Jahan lived together with the family and the servant in the senior aristocratic city. However, his younger brother had a strange hobby and invited him to the slam bu、ncy and bareback to the house, and he slaughed at the underground room and hidden room.

In addition, the former wife and the user were killed. And by handing out to the aristocratic princess of the other Duke, the incident finally came out, and the brother was deprived of his position as a noble, and he was struck with his head.

However, the sacrifice of the sacrifice becomes a cursed house without . And he took away the lives of those who stepped into the house.

And about a hundred years later, Vandaloo was fasc。 by stepping into Orbaum, and became a nostalgic dog to Vandaloos. We welcome you to open and close the doors and wooden doors instead of ears and tails when they come. He embraces Vandalu and Natanya, who embraces him, and invited him to the house.

It was undeaded by Vandalou and became a collective of the spirit of the sacrifice of the Duchess. Then, if the face color is not bad, it is possible to make a living like a human. The appearance of slam bu。nts and 女ents, but often take the appearance of the eleventh mid-aged woman who usually feel the strongest ego.

However, there is a child-like part, and there is a nostalgic friend of Vandalu. Before Vandalou returns to the house, it is a dog-type ghost house waiting to shake the window and the door as Gatagata.

Also, I am grateful for the Senopa Merchant, which is not a member of Vandaloo but introduced himself, not another curled residence. If you have a chance to meet, I would like to give a gift to say thank you.

The staff of the SENOPA business association will never go to the house.

However, due to the competence of Sam and Quattro, Vandalu is expecting to fly the sky even though he is a house, and he is worried about how to fly the sky.

In addition, there are many undeads that are not integrated with her, plants and型のs. The sacrifices who were killed by her after they became a curse of the house, and those who were not integrated because they were carcasses or spirits brought from other places, and garden trees and蟲s that were built in the house were magical.

Now the corpse and spirit of the garden become Brad Soccer and Jubocco, and it is tame in Vanderou. In addition, many of the plant-shaped monsters seem to be under the control of Aizen.

God of Origin

A collection of格s born from the faith and fear of the people of origin. Until now, the “導きding of the eighth” believer had aルート of Pruto and the fear of the threat of the survival of the world by the Mudo Sei’s Death Attribute Magic research.

However, the soul of Vanderou was relayed to the world by President Sergey, and Vanderou was born in one of the myths.

does not share the senses, memories, and personality of the original like Pluto.

However, in the case of Vandalou, because there is a [root source], it is shared naturally, and both recognize themselves as the same person.

As a result, part of Vanderou became part of the “God of Origin”.

Now, they are warmed with eyes like a dead fish, and they are warmed by Kanjin Aramiya.

●Development

● Ranking

・I

Belmond

アイ

Cin

Levia Princess

・H

Dalcia

タ

Busdia

Walkeley (legion)

Gina

Cunelia

Gizania

・G

アイ

ISIS

Iris

ラ

・F

エ

SILIA

マ

Silky Zakart Mansion (New!)

カarin



リ

Feltonia

・E



Muse

セ

Ullika Skatchio (NEW!)

デ

Legion

Orvia

Yuriana (UP!)

・D

Home



Salzalit

Bardilia

Shinri Shihoin(NEW!)

Izanami (legion)

・C

Kanako Tsuchiya

Pauvina (up!)

Melッサ J. Sautome

Yukijoro(NEW!)

Pribel

Nathan

Oniwaka (up! subtlely)

Doranaizer

Eye of Minuma (legion)

・B

Miriam

Best

Zandia

ザ

Pluto (legion)

・A

Gaエルel(NEW!)

Burberry Gar (legion)

Gaffadoghan (excess)

・AA

Shade (legion)

Non-Measurement & Honorary  Yamata Tiermatt

Pauvina, Oniwaka, and Lilyana, who gradually climbs the ranking. Even if the new entry team is also healthy, Ullika does not change the body type using E and Truth [Metamorph], and the top team ends without eating. Gaエルel is eating in the opposite top, but she is also growing. It is not possible to eat up to the opposite top.

●Talosム → Vidal Magic Empire Development

・Total population of the Magic Continent Approx. 八 thousand people (about 八 thousand people)

The total population increased to 5,000 by moving to Dark Elf.

Gour, Undead, Black Goリン, Anビスs, Aカスs, Giants, Human Species, Beast Species, Dwarf, S ula, Half Elf, Elf, Lizardman, Arman, Vampire, Scoog Claw, Leci, Ghenaby, Demon R人, Magic Dragon, Ramia, Dragon, Demon, Herpiy, Kentauros, Mer , Kaoserv, Noble Oak, Oak, Hikobold, Kobold, Kobold, Aladdin, Dark Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Dark Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost, Ghost

There is no goム or kersweapon. Dark Elf

●Talosム facility

Silver Mirror Goム

Explorerギld (exchange office and distribution office, job change room)

Temple of Vida (with statues of the gods of obedience and the gods of the Vida family, Zulwarn and Likuthuania, Zantak, Pharmaun, Botin, Pelia etc.)

Public bath

各種

Public Casino

Ivolent Forest (Ganteent Tree Planted Scoog Claw & Leci growing)

Goム Plant

Monster Plant Field

Woodman Training Center (Resident of Alda’s Hoi Ande)

Theater

Artistic paints that remain in the world of viewers (if not from the sky, the whole look is invisible)

The Root of Life

Group housing for migrants

Dorm y for migrants from human society

Tarosム Castle

Ghenaby Castle

The Giant Goddess of Vanderou

B Grade Dungeon×2(+1) C Grade Dungeon×2 D Grade Dungeon) E Grade Dungeon×1

Dungeon x 1 for sake yashi cultivation

Amusement Beach Dungeon

Fisheries Dungeon

Daemon Military T  Housing Dungeon (工房ed in the underground workshop of Vanderou)

●Numazawa Land Reserve

Capricorn Farm

Capricorn Milk Processing Plant

Explorer支ld Branch

"God's Dragon" Temple of Fidilg and Vida

Mental Erosion Stone Circle

D Grade Dungeon x 1 B Grade Dungeon x 1

●Numazawa area

Rice paddies (when using the Mamagamo farming method)

Hot Springs

The shrine of the gods of Skula Melebeval and Vida

Explorer支ld Branch

Hジicappa Farm

Aquaculture Farm

Mental Erosion Stone Circle

Small dungeon for transition

●Sauron release line azito (formerly SCULA Autonomous Region)

Mental Erosion Stone Circle

Automatic undeaded magic team (for in)der recycling)

D Grade Dungeon

Small dungeon for transition

Dark Knights

Coarse Undead Army (Combination of体chen)

●

Zantak's Kadrangea

City

Hot Springs

Vandaloo Giant God Statue (under construction)

Dungeon x countless

●Gartland

Painting

Painting

B grade dungeon x 1

D Grade Dungeon D

●Demon King's continent

S-class dungeon (NEW!)

countless dungeons

●T ● facilities

Concert Hall

Sam Job Change Room

Kwatro Job Change Room

●国々ding: Countries inside the boundary mountain range under the influence of the Sena sense (country directly visited by Vanderou)

Noble Oak Kingdom Population Approx. 100,000

Zanar Padna Population Approx. 100,000

Gour Country Population Approx. 5,000

Hikobold population: 16,000

Higoリン population: 10,000

About 100,000 people

Population: 10,000

5,000 people

Kentauros Population Approx. 10,000

Population: 260 thousand

20,000 people

Dark Elf Population Approx. 10,000

Vida's sleeping place

Population: 40,000

●Department of the alcrum (non-official) allies

home in the city of Moxie

Hungry wolf guard

Overseas Offices

Silky Zakart Mansion

●In) World (NEW!)

T  housing

雨宮夫妻

The next episode will be closed on June 19th.

The Saga Forest 4th Anniversary Fair starts from June 13th, and you will receive a special offer with SS! The benefits you can receive differ depending on the store you purchase, so please check the Saga Forest official website for details of the fourth fair.