Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 359: True Demon King Vandalieu

Thank you

When the absolute predator is preceded, it is a despair that the predator who has been caught in the chin of the predator is remembered.

"I'm sorry!? I'm sorry that my body's deficiency is your voice and you'll name you!?"

While resisting it, Gudulanis was indefinitely angry and hated by Vanderou.

“Oh, I’m not conf」 with me...”

Vandalou also predicted that [the missing of the Devil] is not the main body of Gudulanis, but to return to himself... However, I did not think that [片gment] would be Vanderou himself in true sense.

“If I tried to aim for one of the dying re、es with the remaining few magical powers, I thought I would try to attack myself and try to regain the dying fragments,” he said.

"Do not play! Your body will be yours! ? ? ? ?

While shouting, Gudulanis attempted to fight and escape Vanderou.

However, [arms] that had been moved strongly, [nose] that enabled the shooting of flying and air guns, [brain] that helped magic, [sebaceous glands] and [meat balls] did not move as much as possible.

“I don’t have anything.”

On the contrary, Vandalou was absorbed by the body of Gudulanis. I drank it from my arms that penetrate the heart while making a dull sound with melie and meat and bone.

Low meat As you follow the law, you only have a weak meat. Do you have any questions or concerns?

Gudulanis once began to invade this “Ramda” world to live. The mercy and understanding of the world's residents were not attempted to coexist, and the battle was contaminated, and the monster was killed.

That’s why Gudulanis is in the stronger Vandalu, and there’s nothing to be deprived of.

"Sound! There is a woman's caring thing that is human!"

However, Gudulanis did not seem to be concise and obsessed with the reason. He gave up the control of the body and attacked Vandaloo by using all the magical forces used for that.

"You can go!"

"Yes, Rokudo!"

In addition, the Ghost of the guardians commands the attack to Vanderou. Moriya is a self-propelled man-made spirit, and other jo s, iguchis, catherines, and cedars use their respective abilities and chanting magic.

These力 are only ranked 2 ghosts, so when Gudulanis refused the magical force, the power falls dramatically.

However, there was no other 足dle for Gudulanis who had the magical power at the bottom of theを創りdow.

』

』

In particular, the 鏡 mirror that Gduranis did not make use of it has a動dow of Gduranis dow and has a [Sleapneir]. The performance of Gudulanis dow was pulled out.

In addition, Vandaloo, which absorbs Gudulanis, was not able to move, and it was not possible to resist, and I was able to attack Gudulanis。dow.

「【arm】、【meat ball】

The s ical sphere of the third arm born from the back of Vandaloo quickly played the fist of Gduranis dow.

What?

It was a [the arm of the king] and [the fl。 of the king] without doubt. That's not all. Vandalou made his 象  from his back...the elephant's [nose], and swelled his tip towards Gudulanis・dow.

"[Flame Jail Dragon Wind Gun]"

“Ggaiaaa!”

"6, Rokudo"

Red black flame 巻s were injected from the nose. Gudulanis dow can not be avoided and sw ed. The 鏡 mirror, which is just a ghost, was unbearable and disappeared, and the soul was 。ed. The remaining Gudulanis dow was blown away from the trekking trekking after defeating the artificial spirit.

And the man-made spirit created by the guardian was destroyed again by the overwhelming firepower, and the guardians who received more powerful [the bullet]. Joney absorbed energy with [barol] and tried to endure, but the magic that was put in Vanderou's magic was overwhelming, and it was powerless because he exceeded the limit that he could absorb.

Even if you have a skill behind the ability and experience inherited from the past, you could not do it with a rank 2 ghost.

“Now, I’m not sure about my physical deficiencies. I’m looking at this situation!”

Gduranis was surprised by the fact that his body has already been deprived, rather than mourning the guardians, but suddenly began to shout toward heaven.

"Rod Corte! Let us release the missing pieces of our other souls that you have, and join us! Now, if you lend your hands, you will defeat Vanderou! If you eat it, the chance to defeat Vanderou is to crush it!"

Gduranis was not the heaven, but it was Rodcorte that should be seen from the gods. If there is a missing piece of the soul of the other Gudulanis he has, you can regain the magical power and divide the battle with Vanderou.

However, if the soul is completely close, it may be possible to take away the fl。.

However, there was no reaction from Rodo Corte.

"No, it's not!? If you destroy Vanderou, how about this world??"

Rodo Corte also heard the shout of Gudulanis. However, he fell into panic when Gudulanis broke and revived six times, and lost his calm judgment. I still wanted Gduranis to defeat Vanderou, but already before the loss.

And while panic goes deeper, it was not possible to move immediately even if it was presented with the option to release the soul of Gudulanis.

No, I tried to move precisely, but I couldn’t move myself.

There is no need to embed and rebirth the soul fragments of the other magical spirits managed by Rode Corte and to deliver them to Gudulanis. The subject is only Dah Long, who stays in his throne, but he is just a human, unlike the sixth throne. You will not endure the 片facts of the soul of Gudulanis, and you will get on the next moment you embed.

And will the revival incomplete Gudulanis go to help themselves in the cramped land? Will you discern yourself and try to escape from the throne of Lodcorte to another world? Why not try to take power from Rodcorte?

When I think of such danger, I could not make a decision seriously because of Vanderout. In the first place, I should be the most priority for Lodo Corte. If you do not crush your soul, you may be deprived of your power to the gdulanis that have been revived without a curse ... in the。 case may be destroyed. That’s why Vandalu’s death is not meaningful for the world.

“Oh, I asked God, and that’s also Rodo Corte, it’s not just magic, but it’s like a lot of efforts.”

“Well, timid, rodocol...Gagat!”

I learned a 痛ent pain. And when I noticed the true despair and fear.

“Is you trying to eat my soul?? This is my!”

"Eh, it is safer to印 and disappear than sealed. The soul of the six-way can not be left, and Edgar is the veneration."

For Gudulanis, whose body is not human, is divided into thousands, and the soul is broken down, but not dead, the disappearance of the soul is the end...

In tens of thousands years ago, until Vandaloo was appearing, he overcomes the process of confronting the King and thought to be transcendental.

“Well, it’s better! That’s why you hated it! Beyond Berwood, you know! Beyond Alda, you know! More than the brave Modki chosen by Alda! You hate it!”

Vanderou tries to try to chew the souls of Gudulanis as soon as possible, but it takes time to chew because it should be called the soul of the magical king or えendously 暴ently.

Heinz is forced to fight with Gudulanis。dow, but it’s time to come here.

For them, the extinction of Gudulanis would be a welcome, but it is not possible to miss the soul of Edgar, a companion.

......It’s better for Vanderou because it’s better to run away by abandoning Edgar.

“Great Vandaloo, I closed the space with my magecraft and 。ped the “five-colored blades” together with Gudulanis。dow. I'll spend some time.

"Thank you, Gufadghan. I'll help you because I'm very busy.

』

Gudulanis burns even more hatred flames and abuses Vanderou. That’s why you can’t endure the fear and despair of the dissipation that has been in front of you.

“I’m cursed! I’m cursed, Vandaloo! Even if my soul is魂ed by you, I’m not destroyed! I’ll become your blood, become meat, and take away your soul and body for some day!

The Fidilg, which is located in the five-way cane, was seizure up. If you are a regular person, you wouldn’t have to worry about it.

“I’ll want to try it.”

However, Vandaloo chewed the soul of the hang-dura varnish hesitation.

"I like it for 10 years and 100 years." I will continue to absorb the flakes of the rest of my soul. And the name of the previous one thousand years remains in myths."

Vanda

Restaurant

The voice of Gudulanis was unnatural. As it is, the black giant disappears so that it sucks in the Vanderou.

"I hear it from the sun. You don’t have to listen to the voice of the spirit.”

For Vandaloo, which is surrounded by the spirit from around the day, the words of sashimi and witch were bored. I have been used to my experience since I changed my life to this world.

There was no swaying in Gudulanis. However, I did not check the oil.

(Is there any change to me because I 魂ed the soul of Gudulanis?)

(It’s more magical, more powerful and more powerful.) This website is protected from spambots.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

Take a look at multiple thoughts in your mind, investigate them, and even find out some of them in a different world. However, I didn’t get up to the gudulanis.

What’s happening is the increase in magic and skill acquisition and integration that doesn’t go up to level. In cts of Gudulanis, Memory, Powder, Edgar, Rokudo, and other reincarnations, there is a sudden change.

The magical power increased by 200 million!

《【the nose of the King】,【the sebaceous gland of the King】,【the s、ical ball of the King】,【the right arm of the King】,【the left arm of the King】,【the brain of the King of the s、ical body of the King】!》

《【The Memory of the Magic King】

《【The Body of the King of the King of the King of the King of the Devil】waking up!》

《【The Memory of the Magic King】 was integrated into [The Magic King]!》

(...Is that meaningful?)

(It is no wicked to call a true magic king)

(Is the Gods of the status dislike me?)

Until then, it was shocked to Vandalu, who has been recognized as a human who has [the body of the King of the Devil].

[Disable Growth Limit], [Strengthening Learning Speed], [Creation of Artificial Spirit], [Copy], [Power Double], [Energy Absorption], [Sleep Neil], [Need]!

[Invalid growth limit], [In学習 learning speed], [Creation of artificial spirits], [Copy], [Power double], [Energy absorption], [Sleepneil], [Indispensable] was integrated into [Mama King]

In addition, the acquired skills were integrated. Of course, the method of losing the skills acquired once is not a skill given by God, and it is not necessary to announce the skill name obtained first, so it is necessary to make public.

"Vandaloo! I want to try Gudulanis, but it's okay!? It's not getting bad!"

"Bang-chan! I'm just here!"

Dalcia and Sam came to see that it was caught there.

"It's okay, mother's. [The fl、 of the king] has changed to the skill of [the true king], but I'm left me.

The blue sky is beautiful and the wind is clear. If you look at the山ble mountains on the ground, you will be relieved by seeing the silky zakart condominiums, preparatory schools, adventurers ルドlds and shelters.

I remember my family and friends, and my heart is healed by killing them.

Therefore, Vandaloo was convinced that his humanity and worries are not damaged.

There are some people who have an objection in regard to worries, but there is no one pointing it to this place. It is because there was something more important than that.

“Vandalou... you have done the greatest thing in this world”

Dalcia honed the words of Vida, the goddess of life and love, and praised his son.

“I still have a missing piece of the soul of Gudulanis, but the full resurrection of the magical king was the future of eternity. You are the savior of this world who tells you who!

Thank you for your support!

《[Savior], I won two names of [Making King]!》

At this moment, the world of "Ramda" was released from the fear of the full resurrection of Gudulanis. [In。ct], [memory], and [powder] are not just disappeared. The fl  absorbed by Vandalou is clear that it does not return even if Gudulanis contacts and calls for return.

Gudulanis can no longer take their own body, even if they kill Vanderou. He can only be revived in a state where he is not only the soul, but also the body is largely missing.

Even if Gudulanis is blessed with how lucky they travel through the con  y and it is completely successful.

As Vida said, there is still a fl  that Vandalou has not absorbed yet, and the [魂ky of the soul] managed by Rodo Corte and Alda. These 走s will happen in the future.

In particular, this time, "Ramda" was released from the seal of the [魂ky of the soul], which was managed in the gods of Rod Corte, which should be left outside the world. In the future, we cannot believe that the same thing will not happen twice.

However, if Vandalou is the same, it can be addressed.

Vandaloo interpreted that this two names would have been relying on their business, trust and roles.

」

It is important for Vanderou to receive the role as the Savior of the King of the Devil. Just do the same thing as before.

The Absorption of the King of the Witch affects the risk of Vandaloo, and if Gudulanis resurrected as this time, the nation is destroyed ... and if left, the world will be bound by the further crisis. For this reason, you should leave it even if you revived in this world.

Rokudo and Edgar disappeared, but Gudulanis can absorb the souls of this world in some way and get the status suspiciously.

The two names of the "Savior" and "Savior" will be the help of acting as the emperor of the Vidal Magic Empire.

』

Vandaloo returned to us because he heard the roar of the artificial spirits.

“It’s a bit troublesome to not disappear even if Gduranis disappears.”

“T、’s probably a magic that follows Gudulanis rather than the creation of magic by having a status or rank.”

Yuma and Volks are fighting with the rest of the artificial spirit. I already know how to deal with each other, so I will come back soon.

The problem is "five-colored blade".

“Gear Aaria!”

Along with the scream of the dyna  dyna , Gwhadghan was destroyed by the space. On the other hand, there were Gudulanis・dow, which disappeared, and a lot of honeysuckle conditions.

"[I want to solve the goddess of spring]"

"It was good"

Vandaloo, who broke the memory of the King of Magic, was able to see the memories of Gudulanis already. According to it, the attack of the hinez using [the goddess descending of the tree], but the [h。d sensing: death] of Gudulanis was reacted.

As a result of damage caused by the attack of honey, it may be only responded to the meaning that it may be killed in Vandalou, but I do not want to verify it yourself.

"Vandalu, if you are not using the goddess of spring ..."

Eleonola, which had come out of Sam's loading platform, and theクスs who had defeated the artificial spirit, set up weapons for Heinz.

"Eleonola, everyone, Heinz's opponent is mainly me. I have a saint sword without Bellwood. Can I see Mr. Randolph?

"Yes, please pay the dew"

“I’m not related to the predecessors, but I’m still a student. It is also a problem that the teacher is just taking care of.”

Heinz is overwhelmingly more戦 than Vandalu, but Heinz is a S-class adventurer. In contrast, the public stand of Vanderou is only a minor student with the son of Dalcia, the honorary aristocratic. For this reason, if the Heinz challenged the fight against Vanderou, Randolph is an extraordinary lecturer who does not stand on Vanderou.

Of course, I don’t have to stay on the Vanderou side only for such administrative reasons.

“... Did the soul of Edgar disappear anymore?”

At that time, the honeys that seemed to be re動かed from something that was dissolved by the fight or [the goddess of the night] came to question towards Vanderou.

"I chewed,。ed, and destroyed. The Spirit of Gudulanis

While answering the question, Vandaloo immediately triggered [S。 fighting]. The magical power has already been completely recovered by the soul of Gudulanis. I was confident to return even if I was killed by Edgar.

“Yes... I’m sorry, but I don’t know you’re eligible to say it. It should be good for Edgar to continue to be used for Gudulanis.

If you are blamed, you will be the God of Rode Corte who has done something to the soul of Edgar.

However, Heinz continued to do so without a 様子ent appearance against the expectation of Vandaloo.

“I think it’s because I was hurting the soul of Edgar.”

If you don’t want to say “Let’s talk to each other again”, Vandalu said that while growing to the inner feeling of harassment, but Heinz swayed the neck.

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

“The presence of a great harm to this world... I thought I could give you life if I solved the problem of Rokudo-san.”

I’ve been told more. From eleonola and ranch, you will be surprised by the distractions.

“Is it going to ask someone other than me to be harmless of the sele、?”

That’s right. Deraisa and Edgar’s lives were also asked.

“I don’t go through the way that I don’t get out of the wings to get out of the neck!”

It was not heard, or it was surprised by the deraザ.

I see. It is a good condition. However, you can also fold the holy sword that you are in front of you. It is impossible to promise that I will never come out from me. After your death, you may be able to do something if a person who has made a complaint about this deal or for another reason after the transaction has been concluded.

Vandaloo was looking forward to the trades he said. If you can destroy the honey that can be removed from the bellwood, the life of the deliza that can only be escaped by the Holy Spirit should be done later. In addition, there was no intention to do anything other than honey. I don’t want to be involved as much as possible.

In addition, the Heinz was not included in the body of Alda Shinto, the Amid Imperial, and the “Horaijin” Alda.

It is not possible to break the trade even if you defeated Alda, who lost the 札der, Heinz, or destroyed the war with the Amid Empire.

For Heinz, there is no idea to beg for the life of Alda, the Lord of the believer. Even if the Amid empire is a member of the empire Milg shield, he moved his base to the Kingdom of Orbaum, an enemy from the beginning of the country, and became a noblem for him, he is not attributable to the empire.

If you think more, you can kill her if the deal is established and kills the heinz, and the dellizers try to run the heinz revenge.

I don’t intend to make a striking striking here, and I want to wait for hundreds of decades until her life is exhausted, even if Deliza is an adult and lives.

“If you’re looking for weapons to Vanderou now?”

But Heinz, as Dalcia pointed out, is still turning to Vandalu.

“T。’s because the situation has changed. Do you trade with you now! You have not just destroyed the souls of Gudulanis, but you have 喰ed!

That said, Vandalu remembered the puzzles in the Heinz, whose swords were built again.

“Is it right? Is it going to believe in Gudulanis’ plays?”

“Are you talking about the game?”

In the word of Heinz, the impact of Vanderlus ran through. I lost my words.

"Gudulanis is cunning and horrible. Alda, who asked Edgar for the treatment, did not intend to revive Gudulanis, even Rod Corte, who served him something! He said that he was revived, but he was only able to see the demonstration even with the eyes of God.

I don't think you can suppress the soul of the King of God."

“I am not happy even if I say before, but ... is it reasonable if I look at it from the front?”

Vandalu interpreted that Vandalu was somewhat conf , but it would be due to the lack of trust of each other.

The actual cause is that the recognition of Gudulanis differs between Vandaloo and Heinz.

For Vandalou, the act of 喰ing and absorbing Gudulanis is on the extension line of eating ingredients...that is just a meal. It is not possible to take a脳ed fish and ride the brain on the fish. It is the same even if it is a Tonkatsu, beef sirloin steak, grilled chicken, and dance of Gudulanis.

However, Heinz interprets that it is the same state as Rokudo St. and Edgar to absorb the soul of Gudulanis. Gudulanis are horrible and yet unknown to them. I don't know what kind of power I have hidden.

If you chew the soul and gh , you can't believe it in the honey that you can't see the soul. Even if it is roses, it has continued to exist as a [deficiency], so I have kept my ego even now that I was absorbed by Vanderou, and is not just infiltrating? That’s it.

“Is it possible to think that you were absorbed by you right now? You are absorbed by yourself, and you are infiltrated and wait for the plane and take the fl。 as if you were holy.

That’s why Gudulanis will get a fragment that you collected and absorbed, in a more complete state.

Heinz's claim is one. The Gods and believers of the Alda power that I think other than him...in other words, those who cannot lead to Vanderou will not be less.

Vandaloo would have seen it if you think well. People around him, even if he does not know...Dalcia or Zadilis, and he taught him to deepen mutual understanding. He will follow it.

“There’s no meaning to say more.”

If the opponent is not a "five-colored blade".

Vandaloo, which is unmistakable, makes the armor change more aggressively to save the wings, and makes the skills such as [the limit transcended] move.

“I see you now, and the magnificence of you, more than you, is just like Gudulanis.”

The difference between position and values makes it easy to change the standards and feelings of goodness. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.

Vandalou first attempted to pack the relationship with the honey. I know that far-di  battles are more important to take the swordsman Heinz, but I thought that it is effective for Darcia and Eleonola to interfere with the relationship with Deliza.

He squeezed the re。ratory force while having a fatigue and revived the [神 god descending] again. The bellwood in the armor resides in his body. This condition is not a minute because it is the dysfunction of the dinosaur used until the time is cut. However, if it does not move, it was determined to lose to Vanderou in decades.

Before the vandaloo and the honey collide, the intense wind covered the surroundings without the front. Even though the dust was wrapped in the fog, it was suddenly done.

However, there was no member of the Five-colored Blade.

』

"What's the job of Nine Road?" I felt the strong magical power of the wind attribute, so I fell in a moment, and I missed four people.

In the words of Dalcia and Vida, Vandalu lost his shoulder.

"I'm sorry, it's a great Vandaloo. “I didn’t interfere with the wind attribute rather than the space.”

"No, I suddenly put a side spear. It is not possible to respond naturally.

Vandalu, who unraveled the soul fighting technique, breathes largely to see his face.

Let’s do postwar processing. ......The last thing to help the reconstruction of the Nine Road temple is to do ... First of all, I need to do that gate.

ヴァン Gudulanis that kills and disappears, I began to think about Vandaloo by looking down the countless gates that remain on the ground.

Next story will be posted on February 13th.