Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 14 Character introduction

●Baldilia Dwarf Age 79 Female

One of Arkurem’s Five Knights, the most 鋭騎士 of Arkurem. However, he participated in the tragedy to lose both arms, and now he has training to use the righteousness while healing.

She is living in Silky Zaccart Mansion, but her arms are firmly attached with false information.

When you need to meet someone who doesn't know the situation, and when you need to go out, you can wear a metal basket on both arms and show it like a righteous hand.

However, it is a special living armor that dwells the spirit of the Knight of the Virgin Sauron, rather than at all, and it is also a liquid metal disguise as the limbs of Simons. In addition, I have training to handle it, and I have earned skills.

When the sixth road releases the witch, the rocket punch that utilizes it (the only part of the wagyu is actually flying) is defeating the witch.

After the incident, the secret alliance of the Duchess of Alcrem and the Vidal Magic Empire was public, and her arms were safe.

Therefore, I thought that it would be an end to live under a roof with Dalcia, who loves her sister. However, as Vandalou wished to continue to attend a preliminary school, Bardilia was also born and continued to stay in Silky Zakart Mansion. ......I just forgot to return the Arkurem.

I want to continue my school life in Vanderou, but I can go to school for a long time.

●Bravatille Male

Bravatille, not the concealer of the roaring knight, Bravatille Jr...

He has been named Bravatille Jr, but after the incident Vandalu revealed his relationship with the Orthodox and the Duchess of Alcム, he also revealed his identity and became known as the Knight of Roaring Flame.

By the way, his wife, after he was dead in the former Skulla autonomy deprivation strategy, he drew his face to the social world to not give birth in the name of "to dress up."

Therefore, he might be str ling with his son who had to name a newcomer.

●Katei Hartner Type Six-year-old female

In the former world, the reincarnation was Kei McKenzie. Using the position of Mr. Mr. Hartner’s daughter, he was able to contact Vanderou and negotiate for safety of his family.

......In fact, Vandalou did not seem to proactively destroy the Duchess of Hartner, so the s themselves were not so difficult and could be assembled. It’s really hard to say that she’s wise, but she’s six years old and she’s説得ing her father Lucas Hartner.

However, as a result of the incident caused by St. Rokudo, Vandalu revealed the existence of the Vidal Magic Empire. My father Lucas once tied the Alliance with the Duchess of Fazon and tried to steer against the anti-Vidal Empire.

However, in the past, as a 家 to flow the things that the Duchess of Hartner had done to the water, there is no need to worry about her because the  des of the Majestic empire were put on the Duchess of Hartner.

In addition, if the rims of the politan marriage came as Vandaloo, the devotees of the original vampire solkodrio and the former emperor of the Amid emperor of the Marshkuzar, Zig, or the nephew of the nephew of the cezarre of the Vidal emperor, Sará Legston.

In the previous world, three people who have no relationship with love are just praying that they will not be able to realize the rims that will be "Yes...?".

●Ludell Saulon Male

Duke of Saulon. However, when inheriting the Duke of the Duke of Saulon, which was occupied by the Amid Empire, he did not have the績s and presence of the Resistance, and stressed the residents of the village supporting the Resistance.

Then, I was confined to Vanderou and took up the former S。a Autonomous Region.

It was possible that it was invasion from Vandaloo at any time and was immediately defeated. However, in this case, I was blessed with an opportunity to surrender before the existence of the Vidal Magic Empire. ......I don't know that good luck.

In addition, he tries to override the House of the House of the Duchess, "It would be like to do so!" to Elizabeth, who has a friendship with Vandalou, but not yet noticed that Elizabeth has not yet found value to the House of the Duchess of Saulón.

There is a reason why the resistance was suggested by the Dolmad Army Sir, and other than that, it is not that the new breed of Vida had been severely contrary. However, it was assumed to be an enemy to Vanderou because Vanderou has continued to interact with people who deceived. A person who had a bad luck.

●Vidal Saulon Male

The fifth son of the Duchess of Saulon. However, I was not a successor, but I was named as one of the successor candidates because the elder brother of the abdo  caused by the invasion of the Amid Empire.

However, he defeated Ludel, but he is securing his position by becoming his family.

In the successor's struggle, to kick off Elizabeth, she was a child of misunderstandings, i.e. Amelia rumored that she was made with a man other than the former Saulon.

I thought that Elizabeth was a real sister, and I thought that the means I took was a natural way in the controversy.

I had a work like an ambassador at the villa of the Duchess of Saulon in Orbaum, but when I was forced to rescue Vandaloos in the case, I saw that power and folded.

I sat down to Elizabeth and devote myself to life, and I was misunderstood by Vandaloo as “the mutators of hand kneaded”, but in some sense, I was imp。ed.

●Alex Male 13 years old

A special student of the preparatory school of the city with a rare unique skill called “the magical eye of the big appraisal”.

I was born in rural areas, but I learned the ability to see the status of the subject, and how much skill can be earned and leveled up.

For this reason, it tends to judge the status of someone who can check with the [Magic Eyes of the Large Appraisal] and the presence or absence of unique skills. The party, which was formed after entering a preliminary school, is also selected based on it. A young girl, Anabelle, who is familiar with her, is an alex. She teaches her that she has a magical talent and invites her to go to a preschool.

I saw Robin of the spear-flow and the towa of the scout work in the rabbit breed beast has unique skills in the [Magical Eye of the Great Appraisal].

It is not a malicious person. Simply set the criteria to select opponents that will be deeply affiliated with their own friends, and use the [Magical Eyes of Large Appraisal] as a means to identify them.

In addition, I usually act as a good boy for people, not expressing such abilities. This is because of the purpose of hiding that you have a unique skill called [a large appraisal maze] that you can not be targeted if you know that you have.

I was solicited by Elizabeth at a preliminary school that expressed my head, but I knew that their talents didn’t reach the criteria they wanted, and that Elizabeth knew the tedious situation, and finally I decided to “no value to be a companion” from the attitude to look at the winder.

I was interested in Pauvina, a new student than Elizabeth. I did not notice that when Vandalu was added to the arrangement of Elizabeth.

After that, I tried to look at the status of Vandaloo with [the magnificent appraisal], but I could not see the status because there was too much power difference. On the contrary, Vandalou had a [root] skill to show his status. I was killed by Vandalou who saw his status because of that, but I was saved by Dr. Dandrup (Randrph) who ran.

After that, I’m working on self-improvement with my colleagues to think that I’m still in the world if I look from the true strongest of this world.

From Vanderou, it is treated as a prototype of Elizabeth. It seems that scouts are not considered because they are unfamiliar with the first impression.

In addition, if Alex is an adventurous school of the Orbaum, it is likely that Alda and its subordinates were trying to be a candidate. That’s because Alda saw the danger that it could be contacted with Vandalou and may be led to it.

●Hoints Male

The world of Arda, who is the leader of "five-colored blades" and a。ns "God" Bellwood. It is the highest power on the ground of Alda forces.

Because of its self-consciousness, even if it was warned that Vandalou would come to Orbaum again, Vandalou was headed to Orbaum to deal with Rokudo St., the opponent who did not clearly say "to win".

If there is a common enemy, it was thought to be able to fight with Vandalu. However, if you run on the battlefield, it was "Enemy" for Vandalu.

In addition, Jennifer and Dianabol, a member of the "five-colored blade", were used as a shield for the six-way, and it was a spontaneous form that it is used to fight against the six-way and not to kill Vandaru.

After Gudulanis revived, Vandaloo has ceased to aim for the honey, but the honey has not yet been able to trust Vandaloo, and the fight has never been realized.

And the swordsmanship that he trained was growing to reach the life of Gudulanis, which reacts to the [H。d Sensing: Death] of Gudulanis, but he was stitched to Vandaloo.

After that, Gudulanis could not deny the resurrection declaration close to the midwitch, and he could not believe that Vandaloo could endure it, so he again対d the confrontation with him and challenged with the deter。 of the deter。 was forced by Nine Road and then treated as unclear in Orbaum.

●Edgar (?) Age of 33 (Outside Age: 26) Male

A man with two names of "ash blades" of "five-colored blades" The character was a chewy party balancingr, and after the riley of "green spears", it was often a short sword and avant-garde.

It was damaged by Vandalou, and it was 誘導ed by Lodo Corte for the treatment, and the thoughts and。s were directed to Gudulanis.

And he was killed during the battle with the sixth road and became a trigger for the revival of Gudulanis, but in general, he was recognized as a p。 tragedy.

It’s because the battlefield was away from the ground, so the conversation wasn’t delivered, and things that are invisible to the soul.

However, Vanderlus’s績s and their presence is becoming thinner as soon as they continue to reconstruct and reconstruct.

●Rokudo St. A god 0 years old Male

In the former world, the ambition of what leads to God in the world of origin was settled, but it succeeded in revitalizing the world of "Ramda" with a sweet word of Terkatanis.

The purpose is to kill Vanderou...and then to become the only God in the world of Rumda.

In the end, the gods of the Alda force were removed, and they were going to unify themselves to the religious state.

In order to rebirth the gods, Rodo Corte was embedded in the soul of the soul of Gudulanis. By that, Terkatanis was操ing the body that was composed of [the missing of the King] that was collected secretly.

However, it was a misconception planted by the soul of Gudulanis, and in fact it was in。 for his revival by Gudulanis.

Then, when I killed Edgar, I was absorbed by his soul.

When he was a human, he was an intelligent personality with patience that he was trying to hide his ambition and his a ogance. After becoming arc abalone, and dark abalone, he had to return the essence.

I recognize myself as being above the other Morira World, and I do not doubt that it is the right form of the world. In addition, he is keen to become the owner of the guardian who is devoting his 、al faith to death, but other existence is determined only with or without the value of use.

Of course, there is nothing to know, such as being able to see innocent people for their ambitions. It is the same for the terkatanis that I used.

However, there is no means for ambition, such as using the "five-colored blade" to kill Vanderou. Even if he stops to avoid being killed by using the presence of the underneath himself, he did not hurt the pride in his recognition.

It is because Vandaru was overwhelmingly won in the dead attribute magic because it is not possible to respond without using [Making's missing] because it is not possible to use [Making's missing]. Never because there was a pathological attachment to the nose.

Dark Aberon is a temporary term that Ira gave, and he himself is not the same name.

●Gudulanis Mao ? Age Male(?)

The world of unknown name, the world of the magical name "The World of the Magic" and "Ramda" appeared in tens of thousands years ago to invade the world.

He crushed the souls of the Great Gods, such as Gamblio, Marduk, Zebra, and Sisalion, sealed Botin, and destroyed the penia, Rikula and Zulwarn, and destroyed the four Zakart勇s.

I think that the power is very similar to the dead attribute magic, but the truth is that he was the use of the dead attribute magic. The reason he did not express it was because he did not feel the need to reveal his own power and leave a record of non-use techniques.

Unknown what was happening in the world of the magical king, which should be completely different from the origin and lambda, whether Gudulanis did not have the essence of other attribute magic. Gwhadghan and Fidi Lug were not completely aware of the original story of Gudulanis himself or before becoming the King. ...... I didn’t feel the meaning of studying.

It is possible to crush the soul, but there is a condition that is different from Vanderou. The other party with the body must kill, and the other party who does not have the body like God must have a big damage.

It was because there was no time to take a deep damage to Botin and other obedience gods, and it was more troublesome to finish sealed quickly. And Lixus is the result of a successful evasion before fulfilling the conditions, or the relief of the fellows.

In addition, the owner of the surprising life force did not kill the whole body to tear, and it was able to stop the activity only by separating and sealing the soul.

However, after mixing [powder] into the soul of Edgar, he was secretly in。 his thoughts and。s and trying to resurrect his own resurrection.

That’s why Edgar had a deep hate even though he was intrigue to Vandaloo. For him, Vandalou was the existence of辱ing his own body while being sealed.

On the contrary, I saw that I have lost my interest in Bellwood, my neglect.

Initially, by killing Edgar to Vandalou, it was going to regain the body of herself by contacting [powder] with [the missing of the Devil] that Vandalou absorbs.

However, by embedding [in能ct] and [memory] on the sixth road, the strategy change.ガーly killing Edgar to the sixth road and riding the body of the sixth road.

The best of Rodo Corte and Rokudo’s company is Gudulanis.

However, because only [in能ct] and [memory] and [powder] were not overwhelmingly enough to constitute the soul, it was an incomplete revival that compensates the soul of the missing.

As a result, I could not choose to withdraw to Vandalou, and I was killed because I had too much priority on the purpose of recovering my own body.

The character of the birth is a ogant, but it has the flexibility to tamper the measures if necessary. However, the understanding of humans is insufficient, and it is lost to Bellwood before. ......Belwood, who was said to be “guarding people!”, did not think that the total population of the world will be reduced to three thousand people.

However, this time, because the human understanding is not so shallow, it is lost because it was not possible to assume that the body itself absorbed by Vanderou was transformed and it was truly part of Vanderou.

In addition, even if it was eaten by Vandalou, he was喚est in his body, and when he was dead, he had a詛ll. However, there was no appearance.

●Rodcorte God of Reincarnation ? Male

“God of Rebirth” which was spiritually struck by piles instead of nails. He knows that he is ultimately going to eliminate Alda... he is going to do his own business.

In his 算ulation, the sixth road killed Vanderou, and after Vanderou destroyed the Vidal Magic Empire, it was going to be separated from the “Ramda” and the “Round Regeneration System”.

If the system is separated, it was thought that it would not harm you, but it would not be possible to destroy yourself. However, the plan of the revival of Gudulanis has made an unforeseen resurrection will rise to the a礁.

However, if Gudulanis kills Vanderou as originally planned, and then destroys the humanity of the "Ramda" world, it can proceed as the original plan. Vandalou won the victory of Gudulanis. As a result, we had to reconcile Alda with full power. However, when we visited the area, we had already broken the abdo  bag.

Rodo Corte was ambiguous, and he thought that he would move as he thought, “He should feel like this,” and “He should do this.”

In addition, the power of Lodcorte was higher than Alda, but it was not able to resist the effect of Alda’s “Pile of Law” more than the god of “Ramda”.

In addition, if other gods and Vandalou were aimed at the “Pile of the Law” ... It is not a problem if you prevent it from being disturbed by Alda.

In other words, it is possible to cope unless it is weak enough to be unwilling or resistance. In the case of rodocollete, I had no caution against Alda, and it was pierced by pile because there was no defense.

After that, Alda was dispatched to the gods. In addition, it seems that Zurwan is invading and is something to use subturbation, but it is not known to use Alda.

●Development

● Ranking

・I

Belmond

アイ

Cin

Levia Princess

・H

Dalcia

タ

Busdia

Walkeley (legion)

Gina

Cunelia

Gizania

・G

アイ

ISIS

Iris

ラ

・F

エ

SILIA

マ

Silky Zakart Mansion

カarin



リ

Feltonia

Yuriana (UP!)

・E



Muse

セ

Ullika Skatchio

ONIWAKA (UP!)

Du (NEW!)

デ

Legion

Orvia

・D

Home



Pauvina (UP!)

Salzalit

Amelia (NEW!)

Bardilia



Zona(NEW!)

Izanami (legion)

・C

Kanako Tsuchiya

Melッサ J. Sautome



Pribel

Nathan

Doranaizer

Eye of Minuma (legion)

Miriam (UP!)

MAHELIA(NEW!)

・B

Best

Zandia

Elizabeth (NEW!)

ザ

Pluto (legion)

Gaエルel (UP!)

・A

Burberry Gar (legion)

Gaffadoghan (excess)

・AA

Shade (legion)

Non-Measurement & Honorary  Yamata Tiermatt

Pauvina, Oniwaka, and Yuriana are growing and ranked at once. And Miriam is up to the taste. Elizabeth & Amelia mother daughter, Maheria, and Zona were also good at entering, but I didn’t have an enemy in the upper layer thickness.

Inverse high-ranked conflicts, Gaエルel will take off due to growth.

In addition,ーン Du has not joined the ranking for the same reason as Yamata, but since the appearance of countless bodies was all the same, he has participated from this time.

●Vidal Magic Empire Development

・Total population of the magic continent Approx. 30,000 people (about 30,000 people)

Tens of thousands of daemons present in the world of Orbaum and Vandalou, tens of new crews in Quattro, and hundreds of input mice have been created.

Gour, Undead, Black Goリン, Anビスs, Auscus, Giant, Human, Beast, Dwarf, S ula, Half Elf, Elf, Lizardman, Arman, Vampire, Scoog Claw, Leci, Ghenaby, Demon R人, Magic Dragon, Lamier, Dragon, Demon, Herpiy, Kentauros, Mer , Chaos Elf, Noble Oak, Oak, Hikobold, Kobold, Aladdin, Aladdin, Dark Ghost, Dark Ghost, Dark Ghost, Dark Ghost,

There is no goム or kersweapon. Dark Elf is almost complete.

●Talosム facility

Silver Mirror Goム

Explorerギld (exchange office and distribution office, job change room)

Temple of Vida (with statues of the gods of obedience and the gods of the Vida family, Zulwarn and Likuthuania, Zantak, Pharman, Botin, Peria, etc.)

Public bath

各種

Public Casino

Ivolent Forest (Ganteent Tree Planted Scoog Claw & Leci growing)

Goム Plant

Monster Plant Field

Woodman Training Center (Resident of Alda’s Hoi Ande)

Theater

Artistic paints that remain in the world of viewers (if not from the sky, the whole look is invisible)

The Root of Life

Group housing for migrants

Dorm y for migrants from human society

Tarosム Castle

Ghenaby Castle

The Giant Goddess of Vanderou

B Grade Dungeon×2(+1) C Grade Dungeon×2 D Grade Dungeon) E Grade Dungeon×1

Dungeon x 1 for sake yashi cultivation

Amusement Beach Dungeon

Fisheries Dungeon

Daemon Military T  Housing Dungeon (工房ed in the underground workshop of Vanderou)

●Numazawa Land Reserve

Capricorn Farm

Capricorn Milk Processing Plant

Explorer支ld Branch

"God's Dragon" Temple of Fidilg and Vida

Mental Erosion Stone Circle

D Grade Dungeon x 1 B Grade Dungeon x 1

●Numazawa area

Rice paddies (when using the Mamagamo farming method)

Hot Springs

The shrine of the gods of Skula Melebeval and Vida

Explorer支ld Branch

Hジicappa Farm

Aquaculture Farm

Mental Erosion Stone Circle

Small dungeon for transition

Giant Vandaloo Statue (NEW!)

●Sauron release line azito (formerly SCULA Autonomous Region)

Mental Erosion Stone Circle

Automatic undeaded magic team (for in)der recycling)

D Grade Dungeon

Small dungeon for transition

Dark Knights

Coarse Undead Army (Combination of体chen)

●

Zantak's Kadrangea

City

Hot Springs

Vanderou Giant Goddess (Want to wait for the completion ceremony)

Dungeon x countless

●Gartland

Painting

Painting

B grade dungeon x 1

D Grade Dungeon D

●Demon King's continent

S-class dungeon with no name

countless dungeons

●T ● facilities

Concert Hall

Sam Job Change Room

Kwatro Job Change Room

Kunochen T) Castle (NEW!)

Kunochen House (NEW!)

●国々ding: Countries inside the boundary mountain range under the influence of the Aeyaya sense (country visited directly by Vanderou)

Noble Oak Kingdom Population Approx. 100,000

Zanar Padna Population Approx. 100,000

Gour Country Population Approx. 5,000

Hikobold population: 16,000

Higoリン population: 10,000

About 100,000 people

Population: 10,000

5,000 people

Kentauros Population Approx. 10,000

Population: 260 thousand

20,000 people

Dark Elf Population Approx. 10,000

Vida's sleeping place

Population: 40,000

●Allies

・Duke of Alcム

home in the city of Moxie

Hungry wolf guard

・Duke of Jahan (non-official)

Overseas Offices

Silky Zakart Mansion

Zakart Street (NEW!)

World

T  housing

雨宮夫妻

Daemon Residence

監 Imperial Palace (NEW!)

Next story will be posted on April 14th.