Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chapter 336: The Duke peered into the abyss.

“Is it better to stop the Duke’s direct appearance? I will be involved in the outlook...”

“It’s important.” I don't go out while taking the appointment, so it's bad. That’s not a chance.”

In the carriage, the Duchess of Hadros Jahan told the secretary against him.

"The unfamiliar change of the arcrum and the aristocratic tribes, the indispensable movement of the Duchess of Saulon and the Duchess of Hartner, and the odors that drift into the Duchess of Fazon ... What's more, Vandalu Zakart holds the daring movements of the Terkatanis and the temples, one end of those truths.

It’s a chance to reveal it.”

It is true that Zakart's Honorary Counters are suspicious. However, there is no influence on the dumpire boy.

Hadroth was nodded to the opinion of the secretary.

“I don’t think he’s behind everything.” But he should know the end. If you can know it, you should be able to guess what is happening now very closely."

Hadros was convinced that something big is happening in the world now. A number of unsolicited incidents that began with the failure of the boundary of the Milg shield country, the enemy country. That’s not the only thing that we’ve put out before.

Hadroth conducted investigations using Jahan’s intelligence agency, but it was not possible to confirm the truth of those incidents. That’s why we don’t miss the opportunity to meet and hear the story of Vandalu in a place where there is no escape from medical institutions.

"And escorts are perfect." That’s right? As a secretary, we’re bringing you to the front of the Rudalio of the Tozan Shishisho, who is one of the most promising “Shichiyama Sho,” which is proud of by the Duchess of Jahan.

The seven alpines stretching from the north to the east, which separates the sea and the Jahhan’s Duchess, the most snowy land of the Orbaum Kingdom. Ludario, one of the most sophisticated forces, ex ded his breath.

The world is not so sweet as I can see by myself. You can not earn time until you miss the cabinet, there are some strong enemies, and it is also possible to fall into such situations.

It was very nice to have two people from "Shichiyama Sho"

It’s a person who is tall as a human species, but there’s only one hundred and eighteen. When 。 with Hadros, a giant species with a back of two meters and a half, you can see adults and children from a distance.

However, the power is the opposite of the appearance, and it is a strong person who can easily defeat Hadros as a child.

“It is impossible.” Is it dissatisfied even though he puts a sharp knight on his back carriage?

。 In his or her degree, when I propose a withdrawal, I will be rolling as a frame that does not follow the original form."

"It is better to notice a little more words. That’s why you’ll be disliked by the samurai. It seems that I was wearing it.

The gate of the Psychotherapy Clinic is opened by a security guard, and two carriages of the Duchess enter the site. And as soon as I got off from the horse carriage, I laughed from the face of Hadroth.

(What is this unusual air? I remember the feeling of cosy being seen as if it is a stranger.) This is just a ban facility)

In the recognition of Hadroth, this hospital was just an in、ting facility. It is a place to   patients who can not be treated in the name of hospitalization, and to grace until they have lost in the disciples and successors of nobles who can not be released too bad.

That’s why there was no fear for Hadroth, the current Jahhan d’Or.

However, the atmosphere of the院 was completely different.

"Cabinet...It seems to be something in the院. I don't feel the smell of blood, but there is a variant that is not normal. Is it smarter to be pulled back?

Lucario also suggests. However, Hadros decided to go.

"Now, if you know the difference that you say so far, check it. Beyond other dukes and central nobles.

Ludario will leave me, and other people will wait in the carriage. I'm going to go outside. The halves of the knight are protected here, and the other half is reserved for the first floor lobby. ......Go to battle with each member's judgment. I take responsibility

"I'm happy!"

Hadroth, when he commanded, Ludarios moved out with a crack. Receive a basket with舞 items from Rudario, followed by the predecessor knights.

As I saw the Knight and Hadroth, I saw nothing in the reception and lobby. The staff are deeply depressed to their guests.

"Yokoso Kissimasita, Duke of Jahan" Tadaima, Director Gamai Limas

The staff at the reception are laughing with distortion and lowering his head. It seems that the eyes are not normal at a g。.

“The people of the hospital now lose their trueness and are under the control of some of them.”

“What do you know?”

“Yes, there are things that have seen a person who has a ghost or a person who has no body, but it is similar to that.”

When I talked with a small voice, a man who was not seen from the corridor appeared. The chief of the hospital should have been the first old man, but the man who appeared was a slimming person who made a piece of glasses and aligned.

"Welcome to you, Hadros Jahan's cabinet" I am the director of the hospital and I am known as LUCIA.

It was said that it was a gra。 with a flowing plant. From the beauty of the method, he can see that he is the owner of high education.

Thank you. But what do you think of the principal agency? Was there anything to the principal? I don’t hear anything...”

I'm sorry. The chief of the hospital has collapsed today's health condition and  ed on the floor. I had dinner too much.

“Is it too much to eat... I don’t have any way to do that.”

When I came to a hospital with a different atmosphere, the chief of the hospital ate too much, and there was a man who gave a surrogacy.

I didn’t think Hadroth if I was a coincidence. I think that I should return the heel and escape, but I don’t know what is happening.

I was confident in Hadroth. There is also a rudalio, but Hadros himself is actually quite a user. The body is stubborn because it was born in a giant species, and the power of B-class adventurers has by training from young people. It is easy to crush and escape the walls of this院.

Hadroth thought that he could escape even if he was dangerous.

(If you don't enter the 巣's。est, you can't get the 。's egg.) I should go timidly)

。 We ask for guidance.

“I’m afraid.”  

Inチ with the guidance of Luciliano, Hadros and Ludalio were not patient ward rooms, but they were headed to the staff building with staff or doctor room.

“This is not a medical room?”

"It's right, but now it's free time. “Vandalu Zakart is in the courtyard”

"Free time"

"Eh, it is time for patients to walk freely in the hospital and on the premises. It is said that the hospital's ward room is comfortable, the light of the day is removed outside, and if you do not exercise moderately, you will have a negative effect on health.

Oh, I don’t care about my disease... Oh, did you say that?

“It’s a similar word, so there’s no reason to have a healthy body. “Is Bellwood left?”

“Is the system of free time more adopted than that? I don’t remember it.”

Ludario asks the voice of Hadros. This facility is also used by the officials of the Duchess of Jahan. Uncle of Hadroth ... When a person whose Silky Zaccato Mansion was a ghost residence, things were too large and could not be hidden.

However, it is known to those who directly serve the Duchess of Jahan and the Duchess, not as a medical facility for the Psy try.

Even if it is wrong, it is not a facility that歩く you to walk out of the building that is located in the premises of the veterinary room, and it is not a problem if it is not.

"It will be from yesterday's night. Director

"...... Cabinet"

"I'm still."

This院 is fully riding. If the director is already killed or supervised, and the staff may be threatened, but it may be replaced by the disguised patient. I guessed that there was no danger to Hadroth.

Then, when I walked through the corridor without a window, I was cleaned by vanity staff. Even if you look at Hadroth, the Duke, you can see it with a vague eye without a single会.

I'm sorry. I'm very tired.

"No, it's fine. I don’t really want to take care of my work.”

"I would like to thank the generous heart of the Duchess."

But he had a lot of rucilia to lower his head, but Hadros and Ludario had no deception to him. Likelihood is a trivial thing if the mutations occur in this院.

......

I heard the sound from anywhere. At the next moment I thought, some people crossed the corridor forward. What appeared from the wall on the right side was lost and disappeared.

"Please go down, under the cabinet!"

“Oh, that’s right?”

In front of the marvelous Hadros, Ludario emerges in the moment.

“It’s a patient.”

However, the rucilia dinosaurs will continue without a stand.

“Is it a patient? Is there a patient moving from the wall to the wall?”

"Eh, as you see,"

“Tな’s awkward thing...”

"Vandalu Zakart is a patient with multiple personalities that have been treated. If you have a problem with sharing a single body with multiple personalities, then you should be able to move all personalities out to the table. I thought so that I did that.

“I can’t understand what you say.”

For Hadros, the description of Lucilia was not understandable. Vandaloo, who is supposed to be a 患者 patient, may have been examining the patient, but the result is。ible. I thought that all personalities should be able to be active in the table. I don't know the meaning.

If you are able to do this, no one will struggle.

“I think I’m just like that.”

In other words, the人dow of the person who does not have a physical body runs through the rucilia.の壁ing the left and right walls.

“But I don’t understand yet. I think it’s the best way to hear the person later? Well, I don’t know if I can understand it even if I hear the explanation.”

He opened the door in the courtyard. I don’t know whether Hadros or Ludalio were in the courtyard of the院.

However, it is important that there is a completely different景 than before.

In the courtyard, the light of the soft yang pours into the building, and the trees with various flowers and fruits are born, and the number of men and women who would be the patient is playing with the playground.

When you look up on what it is, there is a huge mirror at the top of the building and it reflects the sun and illuminates the courtyard.

It is very small even if there is a window in the building. Can you reflect?

"Precautions"

And after being prompted to Ludario, Hadros noticed, but all trees planted were magic.

“The tree that is born in the courtyard seems to be a magical thing?”

"Oh, it is force majeure. Even though I don’t know, I’m going to be a magician. Perhaps I’m going to be yesterday. I was surprised.

Lucia is the answer to the question of Hadros without any surprise. He and his patients understand that they do not have a sense of crisis to the tree that has become mage.

"It blooms bright flowers and produces various fruits. We plan to use fresh fruits for our diet.

When I was surprised by the voice that I did not hear, there was a person for the purpose.

“Gokigenyo, under the Duchess of Hadros Jahan.” Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. I prepared a seat at the end of the coarse.

Thank you very much. What's more?

A voice that does not feel turbid eyes and freshness on the skin like a skin. While saying a word that is not known to Vanderou, Hadros sits on a carpet in the center of the courtyard.

"Thank you, the Duchess of Jahan." I know with my wife Ameria Saulon

He was surprised by her husband'sドレスs wearing a dress that was made with a simple and elegant fabric that Hadros has never seen before.

Thank you. It’s my first time to meet with my husband, but I’m honored to talk with him who has made many great things.”

However, she immediately discovered that she was s調べpted, and remembered that she was a mother of Elizabeth Saulon, who was sick and hospitalized here. She kept calm.

“Where is she?”

"Now, it is free time." Isn’t it unnatural to have a couple together?

"...I think she is not suitable for this place as far as I heard about it? It may be a misunderstanding. Even if you say a couple, it is a real couple.

Ludario, who is self-proclaimed by the director of the hospital, is a common sense protest.

However, at the next moment, Ludario had a weapon and had a whole body wetted with cold and sweat.

"I'm sorry, I'm sick of my heart and I'm hospitalized in this院, and I'm mentally very unstable."

Vandalu talks to Ludario while fighting.

"So, I think that it will be helpful if you do not make a speech that stimulates much. to each other

"...Apologise for non-respect under the department." “I don’t get used to this place.”

The only thing that Vandalou is to kill is Ludario, so there is no feeling of Hadros. However, I am sorry to see what was happening from the state of Ludario.

“No, it is enough if you understand it.”

“If you are talking about your work...”

"It's okay, Amelia.

Let’s talk. I’d like to hear from the Duchess of Jahan, so why don’t I ask each other to answer questions? If you can’t answer questions, then continue asking questions.”

"...It seems to be a word play in a different way than the above meaning, but it is good. Let’s start with a light intersection on石shi-dori. We apologize for any inconvenience. It is a sacrifice that comes out in a house that is your obedience.

"I don't care." It’s not the case of the Duchess, and it’s the past. The silkyes seem to have no particular hate of the Duchess."

What is it?

“I have a question from me, but did I have lunch? If I need to prepare it?”

“I’ve done it.” Let's feel. Then, the backward dress can be stunning, but where did you tailor it? It’s embarrassed, but you don’t have to see that fabric.”

"This morning, I made it with a thread that I've made."

“I don’t know what you’re saying...?”

"So, I have a question, but do you usually speak in the tone? It is about a person who changes, but I feel that the shoulders are  gged."

“It’s not good.” I want to talk with my usual mouth.

So what is the answer to the fabric?

Let's show it. Home

“I shed a thread from my mouth? And that thread is on the cloth!”

While talking about it, Hadroth gradually felt fun with Vanderou. I had been asked several times from the re-started Ludario on the way, but I still continued this question.

“I was born between the former Duchess of Jahan and its royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal royal ...... But I was conf、 with my own birth when I was curious, and I was worried.”

When I noticed, I was struck in the chest that was not clear to the abdo  Ludarios.

“When the adult around me sees me, heirs and somehow whispered, and the brothers and sisters who separate blood from other aristocratic brothers and sisters take a distance from me. My father faces me and my mother is blaming me.

I was young, but I didn’t know what was wrong.

Hadroth’s tragedy was inherited from the ancestry of the ancestors.

His father, Duke Jahan, suspected his wife’s dissatisfaction, and his mother hated her child because Hadroth was ugly (to the giant).

However, Hadroth is not a giant species, but he inherits the characteristics of his parents and the Duchess of Jahan, and his doubts on his mother will be diminished as he grows. So, I was told that one of the Hadroths could not be damaged.

I didn’t know if I was a child. He was excellent, study and courtesy, and even swordsmanship, martial arts,猟, and art, he was more than the standard by teaching as a child of the room.

However, it was not recognized by the family.

If you’re a child, Hadroth was a discriminatory consciousness of the Vida’s new tribe than the previous Arkurem or the current Hartner.

Of course, since it was part of the Kingdom of Orbaum, the faith in Vida was recognized. However, all the new breeds of Vida who believed were labor class, and the place where they live and work were limited.

The guards, knights, bureaucrats, business owners, and aristocrats were completely composed of human species, elves, and dwarves.

There was a person who has a low position in humans, but there is no one who has a high status of Vida.

In such a two-part society, Hadroth was born as the son of the Duchess and its royalty. When it was born, it was very small as a giant species, and if it was not seen as a "big type baby", it may be funeral in the dark.

The new breeds of Vida and the people of Vida believed to be depressed, hoped that Hadros will grow and show their superiority and will rejoice like their representatives and change the Duchess of Jahan.

However, as the expectation is strong, the Father and Mother who wants to praise Hadroth the most appreciated, thought like an unpleasant分子 who would like to defeat Hadroth in the future, he focused on the education of the poor brothers than him and poured love.

The reason why the situation changed was that Hadroth entered the Temple of Alda and learned so much about the rites of the Temple of Alda and praised the chief of the Temple of Alda, the Duchess of Jahan.

At that time, Hadroth’s parents praise their son. And he realized how to be loved by the devotees and family, and how to win the trust of the family.

Then Hadros became a good Alda believer. In order to protect the law and order, to protect the con s, he fighted wizards at the beginning of the Knights, defeated the bandits, destroyed the tissues of the wicked vampire, and struck to solve the food problems and financials of the Baron Jahhan, a severe snow country.

Some brothers, especially his younger brother and brother of the con , said, “The Hadroth, born in the new breed of Vida, is not suitable for the Duchess.” However, Hadroth had a good record of being stacked as Arda believers, and squeezed them and went to the Duke.

My father, my mother, and my sister. Nevertheless, Hadros did not stop being a good Alda believer. He does not know how to live. Besides that, I don’t know how to be suitable as a member of the Duchess of Jahan.

"I didn't know any doubt about it. It was not conscious.巨ing the past 100 years, there are many reasons why there is a conflict with the Amid Imperial army, and there are many reasons why giants were in。ted to name Alda believers.

However, I believe that the teachings of the Alda Temple of the Duchess of Jahan are the teachings of the temple that I appointed as the Honorary High priest! ...... Was it wrong?

“I don’t feel that I’m wrong with the choice of the counselor when I consult with you, but I don’t think it’s wrong.”

Vandaloo, who has been掴 with Hadros for some time, answered the question.

“I’m not wrong...”

"Yes, at least I think."

The child is a child, only when he was born in the house of the greatest authority of the Duke, the Duke of Jahan. It would be a mistake to blame Hadroth as we couldn’t do the bias of society and family.

It is normal for children to seek love from their parents and family, and it is natural to do it if you prefer a means for that. In particular, if it is a society that belongs to you and your family, it is said to be correct.

Hadroth is not a affinity of the Alda believer, but his own policy continues to be discrim。 against the new Vida family. However, it does not take strict tax from the new breed of Vida separately, and it does not mean that it is killed. Restrict your occupation and location.

There is no freedom, and there is a new breed of Vida, which is 目にcy, but Hadroth manages the con s of the new breed of Vida as a politician and makes use of them.

“...Is it good to be a Vida believer?”

“If you are a Vida believer, you shouldn’t do it. If you are a child, you may have been assass , and you may have been放ing the Duke.

Then, after passing the dukes, did not convince the aristocrats of the family or the marquis?

Hadros is a talented person, but there is no power to change the whole society. If he chooses to live as a Vida believer, he will not be in the present position.

In addition, the aristocrats of the family and the Marquis are the new species of Vida, but the Alda believer is more than anyone else, so he trusts him. When he became a Vida believer, the trust of family and aristocratic people is lost.

Actually, some people are attracted by his personality and charisma, but that’s not what Vanderou knows.

“Of course, I’m a Vida believer, so I’ll tell you to believe Vida, and I’ll do it for the new family of Vida.

But it’s another story, whether you’re right”

“... I thought you would like to sue a new sect to be stronger.”

"If you were thinking that you were going to close a new sect with a porcelain or pile, it's not too much. It's crazy.

I don’t reject someone who comes, but I don’t try to pull out someone who doesn’t come from first.”

Vanderou is not going to make a new sect. I leave it because I don't have time to worry about it.

"The Goddess of Life and Love" Vida may want to be more enthusiastic, but God has the convenience of God.

“I’m talking with me.”

“I don’t have any teaching that Vida believers should speak with Alda. It’s a problem to ignore people’s consultations as the end of the religious family.”

。 ...... I did not treat Alda as a person if I did not believe. It was the minimum requirement to believe Alda.

However, it might not be that.  

Look at Hadroth, who started to laugh and tear, and talk to Rudalio, who sits on a carpet during the lives of Lucia and drink tea made by Ameria.

“Your boss seemed to have been summed up. I'm crying so much that the master seems to be salted.

That’s right. When did you become a patient disciple?

“Accurately, the patient’s disciple is the director.”

“Is it?”

Initially, the plan was to be calculated by exhaling what Hadros had accumulated like a star in the chest for some time. It was harvested that there was no need to be wary of Vandalou excessively.

“So what do you do in the future?”

“It’s right, but the Alda Temple of the Duchess of Jahan is not preached to the boss of Vida’s new tribes and Vida believers.

It is not a priest or priest. It is a person who does not work. About Us

There may be some people who are unattended, but if they are for faith, they will throw away their lives, their income, their parents, their wife, and their children. However, at least Ludario is not.

“Well, after reading these things, did Dalcia Zakart’s Honorary Count admit the Duchessポ?”

It is a智 that is horrible and similar to the deepest.

"No, I think that there was no idea of anything that the master and his mother were deep. It seems that I was interested in the Duchess of Jahan, so I would like to meet this opportunity and listen to it?

That’s not. Ludario filled the nose with black tea and responded with force from the shoulder.

"Is it right? ... I'm going to talk here because it's the cabinet. When it comes to the Duchess of Sauron, I would like to hear about the fact that Terkatanis has collected [the 片 of the King]?

“Well, can you tell me more about that story? Well, you’re talking to a master?”

"I'm you. I’m so happy to meet you again with the Duchess of Jahan.

Vandalou had an interesting talk about [the missing of the magical King] in the arm of Hadroth while watching Amelia.

Next story will be posted on October 2nd.