Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 387 Amid Holy Nation Holy War Army VS Vidal Demon Empire Army

In the battlefield where blood splashes like heavy rain came down, strong power was continued.

"[Shin, Dark Sword]!"

ゴ

The Boddo of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodh of the Bodhion tries to avoid the magical sword that Budhion shakes.

“I’m sorry! I’m going to receive a weapon of the offspring of the Oak that was s pted from us!”

Bodhde has been devoted to the existence of his ownオーク. and limits.

According to that, even if you rank up, you should not be equal to yourself. It was impossible to reach the meat with the strength of the fur comparable to his Adamantite and the thicker fat under it.

“Are you really an Oak? Is it a variant that created a golden hair on the head??”

“It’s the top Oak species, Noble Oak! It seems that you have not yet existed before you are sealed!”

"What!? It's a top species!? It's a創造onent to evolve without permission to this Creator!"

“Let’s do it!”

From Bodhde, the power given to the King Gudulanis was created as a sign of loyalty to him. Of course, I do not see it as my child. Bod did not seem to hide it.

"The king of Buddha! Let's mowing the pollen points of the tribe here!"

“I’ll be able to serve as a food for the feast of the war memorial!”

Noble Oaks will be言ed, and they will be詰めed.

(Sorry! Even if it is a top species, it can not be as strong as it is! It should be only the lower magic of the underlying power, life force and power of intelligence, such as snooping ! Even if it was a top species!)

Bod thought so in the head of confusion, but it is right. Actually, if the Badalion was just a nobleオーク, he wouldn’t be able to remember the crisis of life to Bodh, no matter how his talent was.

However, he is a special noble  who has received the app   of Mbubgenge and Vida.

“Let’s get cold and cold.” Noble Oak

It is because he is a friend of Vandalu and he is able to get his contents into his body.

The person who has been applied to multiple Gods can choose the use of the person who descends from the use of multiple Gods by skill. This option includes the vandaloo content. The effect is almost the same skill.

“I’m relieved, I’m looking at you, and I’m in the Kingdom of Noble Oak with a back commander.”

“I’m sure you’ll be in front of me.”

Now, I’m sharing the contents of Vandalou.

"Luzemazella was helpful, but it is still necessary to come here. Is it OK?

"At least we have no problem." The Holy War may destroy the jig s, but it is dangerous for those who are offensive before the opening?

It's okay. They’re the Holy Mark of Botin and Pelia.

The believers of Botin who took off from the Holy War seemed to be slightly conf , but the Holy War who is tampered with the dig。 took a sufficient distance.

"... Well, if you leave, you will come here."

They don’t want to join the holy wars of Amid, but they don’t want to take a distance more because they are hesitant to just escape the supreme deity of the souls of Gudulanis.

However, I don’t feel like fighting Zigット in cooperation with the Sacred Warrior, and Boddo’s main fight is Noble Oak, so it’s anxious to say that it’s a support arm.

In the first place, there is no leader who conducts the whole, because they are a collection of countless small groups that are offensive from the Holy War. Therefore, it is impossible to move quickly before unexpected situations. However, if you have time, you will be able to move by making some decisions.

“Bruowaaaa! Well, I’ve always tried to do this! If I’m going to help me, I’m going to do it according to Vida, but I’m sure you’re the enemy!

At that time, whether the pain was too intense, or the influence of the soul of Gudulanis, which he is 生ing to him, Bodhi gave a 声ed voice and gave a part of his body unnaturally. At the same time, his blood fluttered into the ground begins to立つirt as the bocoboco.

!」

“Bugagya!”

And when a huge supple that occurred on the surface of the body of the bodh broke out from the inside, theオークs broke out with a bad mucus.

The head of the skin is black blue, and the body is muscled, and the common point with ordinary。 is the shape of the nose and the sound. You can see mutations at a g。.

!」

And the blood of the bodh sporadic bodh changed its appearance to the wild monster. For Noble Oaks, there are also crank 3 fujiboa, but there are some wild boars that have not seen Vandalou.

“We are empowered by Gudulanis to create魔 and wildlife. All this is a powerful magic. And if you hurt us, you will be able to get hurt!

"I'm so much."

リオンions and vandaloos that respond to your thoughts.

“What’s it?”

Probably, because it is getting on the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis, it will be able to interfere directly to the magical wheel regeneration system, and it will be able to create a purse of his own meat into the material.

It is a horrible force if it is normal. There is no way to learn the despair to increase strong enemies every time you hurt.

However, the Noble Oaks who are led byリオンion are only 、ents who can defeat alone at least 8 ranks. Bodhde's enlarged family is not as powerful for them.

That said, even if you know that Boddo can increase the armpit, you can't be surprised.

......Vandalu is already doing the same thing as Boddo. No, if you think that it is a different magic, not a different thing, then Legion’s Izanami will be close to the creation of worms and worms.

"Onore! I feel that if I shy away from my place! I'm born from me and I'm using my part!"

Bodhde screamed, and attempted to rush towards Budalion. I roared the ground with a shoe, and the swelling of the monks in the middle of the birth was like the mountain is moving.

“...When I confuse Gudulanis with myself, it seems to be getting on my own.”

王ion wearing a samurai made of samurai swords swords swords squeezed with swords swords squeezed with swords swords squeezed with swords swords swords swords squeezed with sterns and papers squeezed with swords squeezed as if they look like a true front.

"【Unexpected Slasher】!"

The right side of the bodh drifted with a sword released at a high speed that can not be seen by the Buddha. The screaming of the "The Beast of the Bodies" appears in the battlefield.

』

However, it changed from the middle to grating laughter.

“Kihihihi! Even if you hurt me, it’s waste! If you hurt me, the more you hurt, the more your faithful, the more you have a true family! There’s no victory to you who won’t be able to break the Creator!”

So Boddo宣言s, but he seems to be riding on Gudulanis to his ego, as Budalion said. The眷 and wild boars born from his blood also come to be born different species from ordinary魔 and wild boars with horns and wings.

However, after the back of the Boddo, the army of the Noble Oak army was pushed.

"Mothers! Please let us know the dew payment!"

“I don’t know how much I can do this!”

Noble Oaks, whose unique features of daemons,振s and wild boars, are狩d by wildly槍ing spears and axes.

The strength of the Noble Oaks that we call ourselves uncompromising, and the appearance of Boddo, who continues to laugh at the end of the 眷gues of the new 眷mbles.

“...How can I defeat it before you come?”

"It's okay because it's sealed at that time."

What is possible?

It's like. However, it seems that only one piece of soul is in one case, so please be careful not to constitute a fragment of dig、.

。 Don't worry!

Butalion swords and squeezed like a wind in a small three-metre body compared to a boddo giant like a small mountain.

On the other hand, the bokes undead and theールs led by Vigor had a bitter fight.

"Gour! Get away from the Undead! Dangerous!"

"I know how many undeads are allies here?"

"Yes, I say that you are allies, you can kill them!"

That’s because Gi。t is in the sky, and Gul is attacking the undead Boks as the gods of the Alda power.

"Oh! Get punished!"

And in this situation, the Holy War of the Amid Holy Kingdom did not stop fighting against the Vidal Magic Army.

!」

"You can receive temee etc. in the current progress! "

"Sound! It is the hand of the King, and is God?

The Holy War has a high morality due to its majesticism, but the undead and gour of the Vidal Magic Empire army are all very sharp. For them, the soldiers of the Holy War can’t be oiled. However, it is not difficult to defeat if it is not oiled.

“Oh!”

"Wow! I'm doing it, that's a  !"

However, if you are only careful with the Holy War, it will be delayed to avoid the波 and its extra waves that dig、 will descend.

“I’m sorry, Guul guys! I’m so glorious to Vida!”

While shouting, jigットs can even thunder. The attack is accurate and is only aimed at the Holy War and the Undead, avoidingールs and noble。.

However, the ears and heads of the gigット are dysfunctional.

“Oh Noro, why are you ignoring the royal king of boars and their splendidity and attacking just here? Temehe himself, but obviously, if you leave it from Alda believers, you will be Yabai.”

Gigット screams the hatred to Alda and his followers and the words to praise Vida, but there was no reaction to the bodh that appeared with him at all. I。re as unnatural.

Never stop Vigalo from attacking the undead again and again. Even if you can’t hear a voice, if you have an eye to sort your goals exactly, you might not be able to notice something wrong.

“The gigット is also controversial to the spirit of Gudulanis.” I don’t want to compete with each other, so I’m trying to guide the consciousness of dig  to other enemies and not to ask our words.”

He answered the question of Bokes. They were injured, and they were going around the world.

“Is it wasteful?” I want people who have a light and proven pressure.

Then, before Vigalo aimed at the eyes, the members of the storm of 虐ence were 戦闘endously fighting with the members of the 五ic Bomber.

It seems that there is a margin to take a digット and push it.

“How to make it! Gina, Zandia, and Vigalo! Let’s kill the extent that you don’t kill the龍 !”

Bokes who saw it will talk to the party members and Vigalo just after the chance.

"Bokes, I'm killing!?"

Let's do it!

』

"Small genius" Zandia tried to warm up the bass, but "Healing saint" Zina was nodded while laughing in favor.

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching can help.

"Oh, I'm sure I'm still here. Billiards, チs, and everyone!

"I'm sorry!"

Vigalo, who judged that he had to take a digット immediately, immediately screamed and 振ed his neck.

“I’m sorry?”

“Why don’t you hear it? I don’t have to conduct it?”

“Yes, I don’t have any such experience or skill!? I’m taking Zadiris orディアdia!”

They say the most important thing, but now they are emergency.

They are fighting in other places. If you conduct as you say Vandalu using [Musage], it is good.

"Oh, it is."

"Well, I can. But [Conductor] Isn’t the effect of the skill?

Not a skill problem. Just by having a reliable conductor, it’s different.

If so, the commander is a vandaloo s。ptor, but in fact, Vandaloo is not a conductor. I was fighting before the soldier fighting in Jordan.

However, if you are a fantasy, you only need to stay in Vanderou and you are a building or a チ. Unless they come out, they don’t come out of the vandaloo.

And the Schne、s were tied up with Leonardo of the Four Sword and the Slasher.

“How do you move well? Is it the profit of Alda?”

That’s it. That’s what you say. Thanks again, the members decreased.

Elvienne of the sleigher of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'King' of the 'Bebegin' of the ', and 'Goken' of the '. Because they were defeated by Vanderlus, the members of the Jade Sword were missing.

Somehow, I gave a member for this Holy War, but it was also missing in the fight against the storm of 虐ence.

"Three Swords" from "One Sword" that shows the face to the masses for theパガンda are around him as an escort of the escort of the escort of the escort of the escort of the escort of the escort of the escort, not here......

“Well, it’s hard to have a lot of people! Is it true to the lack of people’s desires?”

Druton, who immediately defeated the 術 members, bald elders ran a。 and burns the face likeコops and turbats the magic.

"You! How many rude to the emperor of Alda! [Water flow wave]!"

】

"Reを theをs with death! [Shifuren Slasher]! "

"It's a lot of my mouth! I'm silent!"

Two unique magic items that move to their own mouth and their own will, and the “Twelfth Sword” that can操e the total three mouths and simultaneously 術 magic. In Dorton, he tries to focus on him, from the head of "Yatsuken" to the toe, notors of the martial arts, who embraced his bodysuit of lacquer black, will be struck in a言shell.

「……」

Because the attack is ignored and released the limits of the skeleton, it is just a phant. Rather than rubber humans, it seems to be a human-type rubber opponent.

[Hot Line]

Dolton releases the magic that emits rays of heat to its notors. However, Notles gave his head and touched it.

"I'm a lie!? Is it a brain??"

I screamed so much, but the head of Notles, whose next moment was about three minutes, changed shape, and I jumped quickly when I reached myself.

Notles lays five bodies one by one. Changed the shape of the fu age, left and left legs, right and right arms, and left arms.

“Are you really humans? Don’t do that with Vandaloo!”

I screamed Dolton, but Notlez keeps attacking without being concerned.

However, it is said to be each other, and it is a state that is str ling to suppress the remaining "seven swords" and "seven swords", "twelve swords" and "twelve swords".

"...I'm tired but I don't have to do it. I don’t have to leave Merdin before me!

However, the 拮ttle antagonist has reached the end.

“Well, right?”

In response to the screaming Merdin rushed and descended behind, Resana released himself.

The white skin is covered with a pink scale and the cracked tongue of the tip extends. The nausea leaked from the mouth drifted a sweet fragrance while making a poisonous color.

This is her appearance as a dignified dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity of the dignity.

“Also, the evil God appeared!”

“Women, no matter how cunning hands!”

“What’s yours?”

The Knights of the Holy War 騒 up, but when the Reshana blows out, he will lose his consciousness.

They put power in the counter s against toxicity, but it seems that God was lacking in the poison.

"How do you do? That's what you're doing?"

As Schneダー says, until that, five of the five of the “Joney Swords” were able to stop somehow, but it becomes difficult to shake the power of the reshana as the wicked god.

」

Leonardo acknowledges that it is likely to regret it. Then, you can see the needle and mouth corner.

“If I’m not sure, I’m not sure. That’s my first time! Let’s get together! The Schneダー of Zun Rai!

He shouts his face, and his unnatural血管 appear as red-black lines. Schneダー took a look at it.

“Is Temee also put a piece of Gudulanis into the body?”

“I was put? I didn’t have to put a piece in my will!”

The movement of Leonardo screamed was even faster and stronger than before.

The wind blowed in the battlefield. However, because each of them had an intense attack, they didn’t realize that the wind was unnatural, as well as the faces of the Vidal Magic Empire, as well as the Holy War.

The five-colored blades, which were wrapped in the wind by the power of the Nine Road, and passed through the valley in the boundary.

“This is the inside of the Boundary Mountains?”

“It’s normal forest than I thought.”

However, this is in the forest away from Tarosム and other cities. If it is timeless, the explorer who is taking away the magic and the collection of materials is now in the battlefield or the city. Because the magic was just moving by the mountain range, I felt unusual and escaped.

That’s why we were more than ordinary forests.

I'll be wrapped in my wind for a while. Please proceed to the back of this page.

The voice of Nine Road was heard. She is committed to the infiltration of "five-colored blades" descending on the ground, and now she is in the shield equipped with the Deliza.

。 However, the sound of the battlefield that is far away is heard here. What did Arda know?

I asked him while walking. He did not know that Alda was en。d by the evil gods and the gods of the Vida family and the deficiency of the soul of Gudulanis.

“I don’t know anything”

"I'm also"

And Alda has not given this 挙lamation to anyone who believes in Berwood, Nine Road, and his abdo。.

The gods of the Alda force are astonished.

“How can I guess what is important?” If you want to hear, you can speak it...

Bellwood

"Alda has released the wicked God that was sealed. Maybe, let's parade the missing piece of Gudulanis and run out of the spot.

In fact, the goddess of the wicked gods are also used as the gods of the Vida family, such as the revival gods, and the parasitic was not just [the 片 of the magus], but the 片 of the soul. However, it seems that Arda did not think of Berwood.

"What do you do with it? Return the heels and fight against evil gods?"

Heinz was silenced against the question of Nine Road, which is emitted from the shield of Deliza, but he walked again.

“Let’s go to his home.” He should appear on the way.

――――――――――――――――――――

〇Demon explanation: Demonic Orc, Demonic Boa Written by Luciliano

A monster that Bododo, the "Boar Evil Beast King", was able to create after being implanted with a soul fragment of Demon King Guduranis. They are not demons, but orc and boar monsters with demon characteristics.

Basically, they are physically and magically stronger than Noble Orcs, have skills such as [Fast Regeneration] and [Status Abnormality Resistance], and are also highly intelligent and combative. It has horns reminiscent of a demon and blue-black skin.

Although his rank is at least 8, he is powerful, but since he was just born, his skill level in martial arts and magic was low, so it seems that he was not a formidable opponent to the elite Noble Orc army.

The meat is tender and suitable for stews. In addition, the internal organs have a strong odor and are not suitable for sashimi, but depending on the seasoning, the unique flavor changes, and some people find it addictive.

The next episode will be posted on September 18th.