Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 411 “Lambda” The universe of the world, the other world, was also blue.

What do you need to exist for the wicked Gods of the Witches that have been invaded in the world? It is the presence that dedicates itself. The prayers and fears of the believers are the purpose of maintaining their strong variant life.

In order to do so, it was a normal way to keep the number by regulating the magic that becomes a believer, and to刻 humans by killing and destroying them.

Rather than the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice, the prayer of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice and the fear of the other humans.

Therefore, many of the wicked Gods of the Devil’s residual party are forced to defend themselves and humans, and dominate others with their power.

Of course, it means to get pleasure rather than just maintaining existence. A minimum of energy to live... The wicked gods and organisms that want to be filled rather than to endure with food are together.

“Oh, I’m finished while I’m worried about what to do.”

However, there are exceptions. In particular, there are wicked gods that have different values and ecology for each individual. There are wicked gods who have peace than eating.

For convenience, it was one of the pillars of such wicked gods.

。 I don’t know what I’ve intervened. It is the best if you can continue the empty day, which is not threatened by anyone, and there is nothing happening.

The result of the battle that seems to be finished, you will not be able to look at it even if you win. Attacks are not reachable and may be taken here.

Lugornoke was so high.

I thought that my worries were how to confuse boring, and how to drop the stars on the ground.

"What? What? What is going to be near? Thanks! This is the sign!?"

I ran on the back of the cold that I had never remembered for the past tens of thousands of years, and I was surprised by Lugornoke.

"I want to be here? I'm just a coincidence. I have decided. Contact Us

Lugornoke closed his eyes while praying.

《【Vacuum resistance】】ed!》

[Vacuum resistance]スキルs were integrated into [S】ation failure]!

Vandaloo drifted space while listening to brain announcements.

"Earth" and "Origin" are not the "Ramda" world space.

“I know it, but it was clear that the world of “Ramda” was also round.”

』

“I thought it would be difficult even if it was a square plane because it is a different world.”

Vandalu is not just for curiosity and entertainment. It is a good research purpose.

...In addition, the Vanderlus Temple of the Vanderlus empire becomes a tourist spot and it is not to escape because the facility that festivals Vanderlus in various places has been completed in a while.

“Earth” and “Origin” that exist in satellites and space stations, etc., weren’t known what the universe of the world is doing.

I know Gods, such as Rikula and Zulwarn, but I want to see them in my eyes rather than asking questions.

Of course, there are many things you know before going to the universe. The world of "Ramda" is also round because of the experience of flying on the ghost ship Quattro and Sam flying over the sky.

Even though the world is flat, the seawater falls from the edge of the world towards the vanity, it is not influenced by giants and giant turtles.

There is no space "human". I found that the Lodcorte recycle system was divided into each world. According to the system, the living organisms that are transformed into space were not present, including humans. I asked a similar question to a Vida who manages a Vida-type regeneration system, but the answer was the same.

However, since there are few souls that are transformed into the universe by examining the magical regeneration system, the universe magic seems to be useful.

I want to see what the universe magic exists.

Others

A lot of people still live in the world of lambda. It is also necessary to fly artificial satellites for communication and weather. The communication is magical or Vanderou's use magical king. The weather is different from the "Earth" and "Origin" and the physics law, so the meteorology of "Earth" and "Origin" are referenced because there is a spot of magical precincts and magical sky in various places.

However, it was about a year since the Holy War ended. Since the hand was empty, Vandaloo decided to go to the universe using his spare time.

In addition, the way to go is to use the turret-type turret-type turret-type turret-type turret-type turret-type turret-type turret-type turret.

Even if an accident occurs, Vandalou does not die if the body is burnt out, so it is easy.

Then, I目loded in the air and failed. I thought that the second time was successful, but I could not get out of the stratosphere and failed. This is the third time of honesty.

"It took a day to come here."

Since it is a vacuum state, Vandalou was very good in mind. By the way, we cover the whole body instead of space clothes with [Witch King's Flaw] instead of space clothes. Gudulanis was adapted to space.

In addition, oxygen is supplied from its own world.

“Where is Pluto? Isn’t it cold?”

Vacuum condition is cold. The whole body is a mass of meat, so the lungs do not exist from the beginning. breathing is only known for voice.

However, because the meat is peeled off, it is freeze in the space. When Vandaloo said, Legion was frozen.

It's okay. The surface is frozen because I made worms and worms.

“In the inside, we continue to produce heat by振king the meat in small pieces!”

“But if you have a chance to come next, consider a better way”

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

"Do you enter me?"

It's okay. In addition, it is not something that can destroy space swimming, so let's enjoy a little more "

It seemed to be very delicious to be delivered from the bottom of the frozen yomokusa layer.ルート Vandalou, Pruto and her are not connected to the god of origin, so it is the first time to see the world from the universe.

"Beautiful, Jack"

Home But my eyes are clean.

The eyes of the "gaザー" and the jack are chewy.

』

Since Kunohchen is an undead of bones, it is flat in space.

In addition, "The Giants of the Sun", "The Giants of the Moon", "Danna, and Baknawa went about the universe, but I did not know how to go safely, so this time, it is a番.

Bakunawa was 。ed, "It seems to be delicious in the moon" I did not remember the sense of crisis.

Bakunawa, the mythology of the Earth, which originated from his name, is originally eaten until the month of which there were more than one.

。 Let's do a survey.

Vanderou began to create a giant o al use wizard, as a planet of "Ramda" and observe the sun and other planets.

Vandalou was not very knowledgeable of astronomy, but it is supplemented with [complete recording] skills. Watching on the grounds of “Origin” and “Ramda” to capture the myths and legends of stars and stars floating in the night sky.

"Origin" and "Earth"

Cons ently, the universe of “Ramda” is known as the universe known by Vandaloo.

"Origin" is a world similar to "Earth" except for the presence of magecraft. It is not exactly the same, but the so-called stars are the same.

However, “Ramda” started from there.

First of all, “Ramda” is the center of the star system. The sun rotates around the lambda with the moon and other stars.

“Ramda” is not a geological theory, but the world of the a nomical theory.

(Well, I think it is enough to think about the myths of the world creation)

In the話 myths of the world of Rumda, there was no existence in the first world, but it was said that "Black Giant God" diagonal and "White Giant God" Alasan were fighting. The battle of the two pillars, which seemed to be e , ended together, and the world and the Great Gods were born because the two pillars left.

In other words, the heart of the world of “Ramda” is the planet “Ramda”. The sun around, the moon, and the stars were all created by the Great Gods after Ramda.

(It may be a different process, but I think it’s a lot of fun.)

When I observed from here, the moon is the closest to the "Ramda" in the satellite. Then I feel like others.

The small moon is lighter than the lambda, and it turns on the軌道 track of the lambda. Compared to that of the Earth, the small sun ran from the east to the west.

If this position is related, it will happen in Japan.

Other stars were not found in Vanderou, which is equivalent to Mars, Mercury, and Jupiter in the Earth. The center of the universe of “Ramda” is the planet “Ramda”, so all stars are the satellites of “Ramda”. There is only a small star than "Ramda".

I see, there is no space. It seems that the universe magic exists in the moon.

"If you have been left for more than ten thousand years, I think that even if there is a group of powerful monsters that have been ranked 13 or more, it is not such a situation."

“I think the moon is illuminated by my own power, and I can’t do it.”

The moon reflects the light of the sun in the earth and origin, but the moon of "Ramda" is light but shines with its own power. It was not because it contains special minerals, but it was because the moon is becoming a maze.

According to Gufadgarn and Fidirg, former members of the Demon King's army, the Demon King Guduranis, who invaded this world from another world, first looked down on Lambda from outer space and tried to set up his headquarters on the nearby moon.

However, he quickly canceled the plan and led the evil gods to ``Lambda'' and made it their home base. This is because... the moon's environment was not suitable at all for increasing the number of monsters who would become believers and soldiers who would serve as sustenance for their existence.

As you can imagine from the existence of an evil god like Dopopezepaluo, the environment in the world where the demon lord and evil gods originally existed is extremely harsh. However, it was not easy for even the monsters that existed in that world to live in outer space.

Additionally, it was more difficult to travel between the moon and planet Lambda than Guduranis had expected. It's good if it's hard for the enemy to attack you, but it's bad if it's hard for you to attack as well.

The solution would be to open the [Transfer Gate] to the spatial attribute subordinates, but that would leave them unable to move if the spatial attribute subordinates were defeated.

As a result, the Demon King's army led by Guduranis stayed on the moon for less than a day. However, in that short time, the magic essence settled on the moon, and the moon continued to be contaminated with magic essence. ...No one in Lambda seemed to pay attention to it, not even Bellwood.

By the way, in ``Lambda'' there are gods and demigods related to the sun and moon, such as ``Sun Giant'' Talos and ``Moon Giant'' Diana. However, for them, the sun and moon themselves are not divine beings. After all, they are gods and demigods closely related to the sun and moon.

In the meantime, we arrived at the moon.

"Now, we will be the first humans to land on the moon."

“Vandalu, didn’t you admit that you became a god? ”

``...That's right. Pluto was the first human to reach the moon.''

Even though he has the [Perfect Recording Technique] skill, Vandalieu is a god who sometimes forgets that he is a god. In my heart, it's only been a year since I became a god, so isn't it safe? I think so. Maybe I'll forget again.

“On? ”

"Knochen was the first undead to reach the moon."

When they landed on the moon from Knochen, whose shape had been transformed to look exactly like the space shuttle at Vandalieu's request, a beautiful, fantastical, and somewhat grotesque scene unfolded.

The blue planet Lambda can be seen in the distance, and the sun shines on the opposite side. The desert sand and stones that spread out all over had a faint glow, and strange-looking things were growing and wriggling here and there.

Their size is about the same as Vandalieu's, and their shapes vary. A human with only the upper body, a headless beast, a cylinder with tentacles, etc., all disorganized.

"That's the moon monster."

``On''

Knochen seemed uninterested in the moon monster, but Vandalieu chose one and approached it as a test.

『…………』

Then, as I looked closer, I realized that the moon monster's entire body was made of sand and stone. Although it looked like a living thing, it was actually a golem made of lunar minerals, the most abundant mineral on the moon.

It has no bones, so it's no wonder Knochen isn't interested.

『For now, let's tentatively call it the Moon Sand Golem to distinguish it from a normal sand golem.』

『………』

Then, Vandalieu, tentatively known as the Moon Sand Golem, attacked Vandalieu as he approached defenselessly.

"It doesn't seem very strong."

The movement was slow, and it was like a punch that would stop a fly on its fist. Even if it hits me, it doesn't hurt or itch, just sand. In fact, the arm of the moon sand golem that I hit was a little more broken.

``It's originally sand. A golem made of stone might be a little better.''

As Pluto said, a golem's strength depends on the minerals that make up its body and its size. Moon sand is no exception.

``However, if it's a golem, it wouldn't be surprising if it was on the moon! ”

``They don't need oxygen or food. But why isn't it shaped like a humanoid? ”

``Maybe it's because gravity is weak and bipedal walking isn't stable. If it were made of sand, it would likely collapse just by falling. Look'

As I was talking about Legion's personality, where Isis (probably) pointed, the golem had just lost its balance and was about to topple and collapse, turning into nothing but sand.

By the way, the reason there are only weak golems is because there are only golems on the moon. In a normal demon realm, even if there are no humans, monsters fight for survival and kill each other, so they gain experience points and increase their level, and the surviving monsters naturally move up in rank.

However, since there are only golems that do not require food to maintain their existence, there is no struggle for survival. Also, since golems basically have low intelligence and do not have emotions, meaningless mutual attacks do not occur.

Therefore, the moon golems have no chance to level up.

"If it looks like this, it won't pose a threat even if I leave it alone."

``That's right. The environment of the Demon Realm will not change.''

At first, the demon realm is a normal land except for the occurrence of monsters, but as the contaminated magical power continues to increase, dungeons appear and the environment changes drastically, causing it to mutate.

Even demonic realms such as the fountain of death where deadly poison gushes out, the wasteland with countless rocks floating in the sky, and the forest of flaming trees with flames on their branches instead of leaves, were originally just springs, wastelands, and forests.

The moon is no exception; it was originally just a satellite that reflected the sun's light, but now it has become a satellite that emits light on its own, albeit faintly.

However, Vandalieu and his friends thought that nothing more would change. If the only monsters that existed were golems that easily disappeared naturally, there was no way the pollution would get worse.

``Perhaps stronger monsters will emerge in 100,000 years, but the demon realm in Lambda is far more threatening.''

Above all, the moon is far away from "Lambda". Even if a rank 1 golem became rank 5 or 6 by some miracle, it would be almost impossible for it to cause harm to 'Lambda', which is far away. In the first place, the golem's intelligence shouldn't be able to tell that there are people in Lambda.

``Then, let's take some moon sand and gravel home as souvenirs.'' I don't know if it will continue to shine even if I bring it back from the moon, but Luciliano asked me to.''

“Oh? ”

It was a good way to kill time, but it's time to go home. Thinking of this, Vandalieu gathered the sand and gravel under his feet, and Knochen, who had been indifferent to the golem until then, suddenly spoke up.

“Is it on the other side of the moon? ”

Knochen seemed worried about not having to check the other side of the moon. It is true that Vandalieu and his friends, who went out into space from Lambda and landed directly towards the moon, did not see the other side of the moon.

There is no certainty or hunch that there is something behind the scenes... However, I don't think it would be a good idea to go home without confirming that there is no threat. That's probably what he thought.

"surely. If you ask me, we should also look behind the scenes.''

Vandalieu also reconsidered that he was right. Unlike the front side, which can be seen by looking up at the night sky from Lambda, and which can be observed by developing a telescope, the far side cannot be studied unless you are in space.

If this moon rotates on its axis in the same way as "Earth", it is impossible to observe the back side of this moon from planet "Lambda". In that case, it seemed like it would be less time-consuming to go ahead and check the back of the room before confirming that.

Legion didn't have any particular objections either, so they headed straight to the other side of the moon.

The dark side of the moon was dark because the sun's light did not reach it. If the moon itself hadn't been shining faintly, it would have been shrouded in darkness.

"Hmm..."

『……』

Even if you say it's on the other side, the moon is still the moon. The golems looked more creepy because of the dim light, but that was the only change that seemed to occur.

The moon itself changes.

"There was a star like this behind the moon."

Yes, you couldn't see it from the near side, but when you looked at it from the far side of the moon, there were stars floating nearby.

"No, it's not just a star."

The diameter of that star is about 100 meters. By ``Earth'' standards, it could be described as an asteroid. The surface was red and black with a glossy luster, and there was a huge purple lip in the middle.

Yes, those are purple lips. A gigantic lip whose end spans the diameter of a star.

"...Uh, you finally found it?"

And then, just as I thought my lips were slightly parted, a voice that seemed to have come to mind rang out. And just like that, her lips were wide open. What appeared there was a huge eye.

A huge eye appeared from inside its mouth, staring at Vandalieu and the others.

“My name is Lugornok, the evil god of dream death. Now that I've found it...I surrender.''

Then, I surrendered obediently.

I barely managed to post two episodes a month (sweat)