Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 348: The battlefield expands as expected

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Every time the atmosphere strikes, the buzzers who aren’t used to combat are 震 ing. There are few 神s and servants who are not afraid of them.

“What is it? Did the evil God revived?”

Chobit is the screaming of Hysteric. And he said, “T。” is the one in the sky above the castle.

The whole body of about three meters is ebony-like urushi black. The nose of the same shape as the person appears in the place of the body to release the air cannon.

Even in the distant eye, if the image is enlarged with the photo attribute magic, the difference is not hidden.

I don't know. However, there is no doubt that Vandaloo Zakart and "five-colored blades" are fighting!

“You know that you’re doing it!” I lost my

After screaming the reported knight, he returned to us and recovered somehow   . Even if we have lost our minds, we will lower the morale of the supervisor and encourage the fears of the civilians and employees.

“The girl behind the Vandalu is a companion or obedience. The five-colored blades are good. 」

Actually, there is a question about how the “five-colored blades” that have been running lately, and whether the Vanderouts were immediately appearing, or why did they go to the place where the large-scale nezumis occurred in the castle? However, there is no time to do the fight on the head.

“But what is it? What is it?”

The problem is black giant, Rokudo holy. The greatest threat was his confessence for the Cobite King.

“It’s a wicked God that should have been a deter。 to destroy the name because it’s too dangerous. Maje 

At that time, the Aila, which is transformed into the Terkatanisdansha, opened his mouth.

"What!? Do you know, do you think?"

"Yes, Maje。." The ci。 was written in the seal of the [Devil's missing] that I collected from the temple. Thousands of years ago, when the evil gods were sealed to aim for [the missing of the magic King]. Name

The name of Rokudou Hijiri was changed as God.

It may be good to say Rokudo-san as it is. Because all the names of the evil gods have changed.

"Dark Avalon"

However, I finally recalled it. The name of Rokudo as a god named "Origin" was named after the appearance of this world.

“Dark Aberon...It’s a strange name, but it’s like a horrible God.” If you are away from this, you will feel horrible.

"Eh, this is just a horrible magical power. It seems that death itself has become human."

In addition to the royal king, the court magician and the knight began to harmonize. If you are from him, it is impossible to do it because Dark Abalone is a strong existence.

However, it seems that fears and fears that have been remembered in Vandaloo are conf。 with Dark Abalone.

"I'm so fast!"

It was said that Orbaum Rokujin is a 鋭王国 of Orbaum Kingdom. Orbaum’s sampling force corresponding to the Amid Empire’s “Wicked Fifty Sword”. It is not only the power equivalent to the A-class adventurer, but also the consciousness to protect the country is high.

Even if it is famous as a genius taymer, Vandaloo, the son of the Countess who is not anything at the shrine, and the adventurer of the honorary aristocratic can fight only the "five-colored blades" of the main business ... It is also the name of the Orbaum Rokujin that fights in the sky above the castle.

It would be natural that they try to participate in combat.

。 “Olbaum Rokukatajin is a general member”

If you have the power of the Orbaum Roppo team, you can solve the situation quickly. The Cobite King decided to make a command, but it was blocked by the Dolmad Army.

"Please wait! I will understand the feelings of him, but first I have to figure out the safety of His Maje、!"

A戦闘 strikes every time you hit in the sky, and the impact of the battle is so intense to the ground. It is a dangerous zone where you can not know when the flow bullets fly because of safety. It’s just because Vandaloos are getting damaged on the ground.

“First of all, the escorts between the Orbaum Rokukatajin and his Maje。. “The sword should be after that.”

Ira, who was born in Telkatanis, said that. For her, the safety of the kings of Cobite is not absolute, but if you stay in this place, you will be the footsteps of Vandalou.

It was the Orbaum Rokukata team that seems to have participated in the battle even though it was said to be the predecessor of the military service, but it seems to have returned to us by looking at the appearance of civilians and non-戦闘men.

。 However, what about it?

That said, one of the Orbaum Rokujin is the window of the office of the Terkatanis in the castle. The head of the giant brain was ex。ded, and Kanako was working to replace the rebound and crushed eyeballs with new ones.

“No, it’s something that can be seen...”

"But I have been attacking Dark Aberon from earlier. Do you have any questions?

「…………」

In the behavior of the uns uled witch king and canako, Ira saw the distant appearance of the Terkatanis predecessor.

However, it is important to say in the near future because it is not enough to escape the reality.

“Now, it’s the 魔gue of Vandaloo Zakart.”

It is not said that it is a contents made using [the missing of the magic King]. In the Kingdom of Orbaum, Vandalou is human.

“What’s it? Is it like a brain that’s something?”

“I didn’t have any information, but I might have registered this morning.”

Vandaloo actually puts an eye on the security authorities of the Kingdom of choice, because he has registered the unprecedented subtles such as plant type, undead, and型.

It’s natural that it’s your own mission to deal with when Taymarルドld’s ink is 墨ent. For this reason, we collected information about Vanderou's obedience.

There is no information about the King. However, it seems to be “indefinitely” by the words of a trusted predecessor to Vandalu’s previous behavior and the oddness of others, and for them, Taymarルドld.

“It’s the dark elf of the Ginyu領 who is popular in the Duke of Alcrem, “Idol” and “Kinyuダーク” which are s、ical spheres to emit mon、s next to that foster.”

"Eh, I borrowed the power to evacuate from the castle."

“Oh, I know why she is in the castle... I have to report more later.

Let’s leave!

Under the Code of Cobite King, he began to evacuate again towards the advanced aristocratic city. The Orbaum Rokukata, and the Knights of the Best Candidates, too.

The rubikante who gave them an app  , they stayed here, and they were encouraged to participate as a cheer of the Heinz, but the lord is absolute. For this reason, it goes down as an adult.

However, a six-way called Dark Abalone began a new movement before they leave the castle.

The time was a little retro, the Vanderlust, the five-colored blades, and the six-way continued to fight the three-way battles with an eyeful momentum.

Vandalu, who is trying to kill Heinz, Edgar, and Deliza, if you have a chance. However, it is impossible to fight as you think to prevent damage to the ground by attacking the six-way.

Heinz must also be wary of both the sixth and the Vandalu. For this reason, he is not able to use his hand in the back of [神 god descending] that he can not move for a long time.

And the sixth road continued to fight while using the head of the enemy of Vandalou and the five-colored blade.

“It’s a holy sword, it’s a mess.”

"Swords that endure the [inter】 extinction gun]"

“I didn’t have only that holy sword.”

Vandaloo aimed at six times as a honeymoon. Even if he had a holy sword inherited from Bellwood, he wouldn’t be dead, even if he did not use the holy sword.

That’s because Rokudo cooperated with Heinz. He prevented the amount that he could not receive the honey in the [sucker shield].

The sixth road was a form that I was troubled when the honey dies, and I was able to express my strength for the honey, but it was a valuable moment that the magical king and the brave cooperated.

“Now, I don’t want the Holy Sword.”

"No." [Witch King's Flaw] is easily cut off, and if it is about [Death bullet] or [False bullet], it will play. [Cannon] or [Cannon] may be a bit hard, but there is only a sword that defeated Gudulanis.

The holy sword inherited from Bellwood was different from the saint sword of mass production like Nemesis Bell. Heinz has his own strength, but it is obviously superior to the sword of Orihalcon.

While talking about this, she plays the 片 of the vandalous [cannon] and [the 片 of the King], so that the jenifer and diana are not wrapped in the thread that is poured into the wind. At the same time, he is also attacking six ways in cooperation with Edgar and Deliza.

It’s not a bad thing because it’s still not getting off the Bellwood.

“Oh, Vandaloo, do you start a fake Martina strategy?”

Guphadoghan proposes. Vandaloo has prepared a strategy that uses the dead body of Martina, a member of the former “five-colored blades” to give the honeys a mental damage. However, I think that it will only be harassed.

However, it may be shaken even if you just put out the体 De, a collective of the ghost that faced the same as Martina.

“No, it’s one-time operation, so let’s stop it now.”

Of course, it’s not that Vandalou is packed. Ningro, Vanderou's [inter  breakdown cannon], and if you do not cooperate with it now, you can feel that Heinz ... and the sixth way is spiritually chased.

Even though Heinz is attacked from Vandaloo, it is not a counterattack but a priority to attack on the Sixth Road.

“The five-colored blades” came to me, but no more customers are welcome. It seems that Vandaloo is still available to you!?

Like that, the sixth-way gave one of the depths.

([inter。 breaking cannon]...... It is impossible to completely prevent only me. If you defend with full force, you can suppress it to the degree of damage. It is also possible to shoot the second [inter。 breaking cannon] while I defend. Even if you can't speed up a special killer, you can say it.

If you don't make a gap, you will be able to魂 the soul of the "five-colored blade"!)

And while hiding the inner hearts that are chased on the table.

What is going to do?

“This is what we do.”

The sixth dungeons were used by themselves while responding to these ジョンins. Huge magical power and more horrible care包む the city of Orbaum.

There was a huge gate in this area.

「ＧＵＭｏｏｏｏｏｏｏ！」

“Gy!」!”

"Gaggyga"

And various magical objects appeared while roaring and laughing from the gate. The number is a few hundred in the range that can be seen from the sky above the royal castle, the center of Orbaum. It may reach a thousand.

"I newly installed the entrance of the dungeon I created in the city! When I think that I can operate the entrance of the dungeon, I should expect this thing! "

“What do you do?”

“The livestock! The city of Orbaum is in this way! Even Seleの...!”

“Where is it! You can’t afford to disappoint! How do you do it?”

“Gear Aaria!”

A six-way that gives a high laughter to theインking wings. And the turbid scream of the ending magic that countless magical objects sounded over the sky.

"No, it's too fast!? "

“Will the magics be defeated next time?”

"[Limit transceiver] ...... [Inter】tal perishable gun] , fast shot"

The six-way, which drew a surprising expression, and the honey that brightens the expression, were attacked by the second "inter。 extinction gun" released by Vandaloo.

The entrance of the dungeon suddenly became panic to the people of Orbaum, the capital of the kingdom of the city that appeared in the garden, the road and the square.

And thousands of people lost their lives without being able to escape while they were 腰ped or re腰ed. There may be such a thing.

"[Sign up]!"

"Higaia Aah!"

A monster similar to a giant monkey dropped the neck by the spear of Hendriksen at the moment when it was faced from the entrance. The head screamed with the screaming, and the fu age screamed with the tail of the mouth with the tusks of the tusks of the tusks on the four long arms and the tip, but he and his fellows quickly re。ed.

The magic that came out from other entrances is completely blocked by candidates and their friends who were waiting like Hendriksen.

“It’s dangerous!”

"Yes!"

A woman, also known as “the noble son of the samurai”, said to him, slightly dyed the cheeks and tried to run away.

“Where is it safe?”

Hendriksen, which prompted evacuation, also noticed it, looked around as if he was lost.

They are not expecting this situation. However, when I was trying to enter the noble town from the commercial district to head to the castle, the roar that shakes the atmosphere from the castle sounded.

If the name and the true body were cleared and calmed down so that people who disappointed somehow would not fall into panic, then the sound of discomfort occurred from the sky.

Volzofoi, a timeless space-attribute magician, screamed, “I want something to appear countlessly!” And when a number of gates appeared, Miriam indicated. “The magical thing comes out from the other side of the gate! Prepare for those who can fight! If not, please leave it!”

The early candidates quickly expanded and waited for the monsters near the gate. And Hendriksen defeated the magic that came out of the gate.

That’s it. I don’t know what the gate was, how many people were there. You can see only the magic that appears from the other side of the gate is powerful.

(I don’t know the monsters of the monkey, but the rank was 7...). I couldn't beat it easily. If you look at it, there seems to be a weak magic of rank 4 and 5 among the monsters that appear from the gate, but it is also a evacuation place in the same building!)

If it is not a castle, it is only a material of ble for more than 7 magic. Do you have to find safe places while escort people? It was time I thought.

“If you’re from here, head to the school! There is a shelter in the school!”

Miriam instructions again.

“What is your school?”

"Yes, the dungeon managed by the early preparatory school. It’s safer than Orbaum!

“Well, evacuation to dungeon? Is it safe?

"The entrance is one, and the wall and ceiling can be broken even if it is escaped inside. The dungeon of the preliminary school is a low-  level and there is no strong magic."

evacuate general people to dungeon. It was a common sense for Hendriksen people, but it seems to be a design that thought. In a dangerous situation beyond common sense, there is a powerful magic that can not be defeated if it is not a B or A class adventurer from the countless gates opened in the town, like now Orbaum.

"Yes, we stop the monsters near the gate! The guards evacuate people to the preparatory school!"

Hendriksen calls to the guard who was repressed by the force of the magic. Then they returned to me, but they didn’t move immediately after showing up a puzzle. Even if you are known as "Adventurous Knight" and "Holyari no Kiyoko", you may not be able to judge in the moment whether you are observing the entrance of the aristocratic family can move with the command of the adventurer Hendriksen.

“Gooooooon!”

However, I cannot wait for the deter  of the guards. From the gate, a new magic that resembles the lion who created the wings of the film on the back of the blue-black hairみ appeared. Hendriksen is a species that has never seen, but it is more obvious than the monster of the monkey.

「ＧＵＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＯＯ！！」

However, Arthur, the swordsman of the ``Heart Warriors'' and recently called the ``Most Terrifying Swordsman,'' ran towards the blue lion while roaring.

“Gain!?”

The blue lion was frightened by the threat of his [Scream] skill and instinctively retreated. There, Arthur's two-handed sword swung down with a roar.

“[Roaring sword attack]!”

The head of the blue lion was cut off by Arthur's sword, which had awakened to an advanced skill. With that blue-black face stained with blood, he called out to the guards.

"We'll be fine here! Come on, hurry up!"

“Ha, hiiii!”

"I-I understand! Everyone, it's Hero Preparatory School. Run towards Hero Preparatory School!"

Immediately, the guards start running. The woman Hendrickson had helped earlier also ran away following their lead, her face turning pale.

"It seems like he wanted to fight alongside us out of a sense of responsibility, and I'm glad he trusted us and entrusted us with this role."

"...Maybe you're talking about the guards? I think they were just moved by your force."

"That's true. But that's the kind of person he is."

Nodding to Hendrickson's words, Miriam readied an arrow on her bow and quickly shot the monster that appeared from the gate.

Although she had already transformed into a girl in her mid-teens, she somehow gave off the dignity and dependability of a commander. These days, she is also called the ``Legion Commander'', and she assigns hero candidates and their allies to all the gates within sight, and leaves the rest in charge of calling for evacuation, rescuing people, and escorting those evacuating.

Her appearance makes her worthy of being described as a great hero or a saint who protects people. ...The shadow is a little black.

“So what should we do after this? Orbaume is too big for us to handle alone, right?”

``That's okay. I've been asking Natanya and Simon to act separately for a while now, and I've been asking everyone to come as well.

"Anyway, you're a good commander."

“The only new jobs that appeared were [Holy Bow Princess] and [Commander]! Please, please stop Zadiris-san’s curse!”

As Vandalieu's clone descended into his body with the [Familiar Demon] skill, she was actually not in command alone.

However, since the voices of Vandalieu's clones could not be heard around him... Miriam's evaluation rose again.

――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Hendriksen Hesen

Type: Human

Age: 23

Two Names: 【Adventure Knight】

Job:Holy豪

Level: 64

Job history: Knight apprentices Obeder Knights Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior

・Passive skills

Full Capacity Enhancement: Extreme

Poison Resistance: 5Lv

Attack power increase during spear equipment: large

Metal armor equipment for protection: large

Ability enhancement: monarch:1Lv

Fatigue resistanceLvLv

Psy try Lv

Intuition:1Lv

・アクティブe skills

Swordsmanship Lv

Saint術ars: 4Lv

Bow:5Lv

Shield: 6Lv

Armorship Lv

Riding: 4Lv

10Lv

Celebrity:1Lv

Limit transceiver:1Lv

Magic: 4Lv

brutal footLvLv

Dismantling Lv

Unmatched Magic: 1Lv

Magic Control Lv

Attribute Magic: 4Lv

5Lv

Seiya limit transceiver:1Lv

Unique skills

Elk Protection

・Name: Artサー

・Type: Human

・Age:24

・T) name:【Roaring Gentleman】(NEW!) 【The Most Awesome Swordman】(NEW!)

・Job: Daisendo

・Level:42

・Job history: Hunting master Hunting master Hunting master Hunting magic Hunting Defender Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior Warrior

・Passive skills

Strengthening筋Lv(UP!)

Agility Enhancement:8Lv(UP!)

Sensitivity:6Lv(UP!)

Intuition: 5Lv

Mental Resistance: 5Lv (UP!)

Poison Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Empowerment during bow equipment: Middle

Sword Attack Force Enhancement: Great (A ning from Sword Attack!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 4Lv(UP!)

Darkness

・アクティブe skills

Dismantling: 6Lv(UP!)

Brutal Foot:7Lv

Trap:6Lv

Bow: 5Lv(UP!)

Shorts Lv(UP!)

Leather craftsmanLvLv(UP!)

Fighter: 7Lv (UP!)

SwordsmanshipLvLv (A ning from Swordsmanship!)

VOICE PRIMALS: 5Lv(UP!)

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (A ning from the limit break!)

Family事Lv

Armour:7Lv(UP!)

Mage Limit: 5Lv (UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Screaming Lv(NEW!)

Dance: 1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Fighting Talent

Bashas

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection

・Name: Calinear

・Type: Human

・Age:20

・T) name:【Kinyajisai】(NEW!) 【Heart Witch】(NEW!)

・Job: Magical Queen

・Level:79

・Job history: Apprentice Goddess 師cinal pharmacist priests warrior witch priests priests priests high priests festival magical girl

・Passive skills

Mental Resistance: 6Lv (UP!)

shield equipment when protection power is increased: inside (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: 7Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 4Lv(UP!)

Magic PowerLvLvLv(UP!)

Darkness

Color Inc) Lv(UP!)

Poison resistance: 1Lv (NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Prostitute:6Lv(UP!)

Pharmacist:5Lv

Housekeeping:4Lv

Unattribute Magic:4Lv(UP!)

Nightlife Magic: 1Lv

Water Attribute Magic)Lv(UP!)

Magic Control Lv(UP!)

Shield: 5Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

4Lv(UP!)

Limit: 4Lv (UP!)

Link:6Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Singing Lv(UP!)

: 1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Zelzelia

Vanderou's protection

Vida's protection

・Name: Borzofoi

・Type: Dwarf

・Age ・

・T) name: 【Kankaku】(NEW!)

・Job: Great Magical:

・Level ・

・Job History:Magical Master Apprentice Magician Hunter Attribute Magician Attribute Magician Space Attribute Magician Cane Magician

・Passive skills

Darkness

Mental Resistance: 5Lv (UP!)

PathotoxicityLvLv(UP!)

Cane equipped time magic attack force strengthening: the greatest (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic PowerLvLvLv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Smile:1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Unattribute Magic: 7Lv (UP!)

Magic Control:10Lv(UP!)

Time Monster Magic: 1Lv

Aerial Monster Magic: 1Lv

Dirt Attribute Magic:6Lv(UP!)

Fire Attribute Magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Optical Attribute Magic:10Lv(UP!)

武具師 Lv

Leather craftsman Lv

Cane surgery: 4Lv(UP!)

Limit: 5Lv (UP!)

6Lv(UP!)

Link:5Lv(UP!)

Horror Lv (UP!)

Unique skills

Hamp

Vanderou's protection

ク

Zulwarn's protection

・Name: Miriam

・Type: Human

Age: 16

・T) name:【Friends of the King】 【Dean】(NEW!)

・Job: Conductor

・Level:65

・Job history: apprentice 賊ef 術ef 術ist 術ist 術ist 術ist

・Passive skills

Sensitivity:6Lv(UP!)

Bo  Equipment Timely Power Enhancement: Super Large (UP!)

Non-metal armor equipped with agility enhancement: large (UP!)

Mental Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Darkness

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 6Lv (UP!)

PathotoxicityLvLv

Self-reinforcement: Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Agriculture:1Lv

Housework:1Lv

Shorts: 4Lv(UP!)

Bow princess: 1Lv

Unlock:6Lv(UP!)

Trap: 5Lv

Limit:10Lv(UP!)

Armour:7Lv(UP!)

Magic Bow Limit: 8Lv (UP!)

Assassin: 5Lv(UP!)

4Lv(UP!)

Link:6Lv(UP!)

Conductor: 5Lv (UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Singing Lv(UP!)

Cuisine:1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Bashas

Zelzelia

Hamp

Vida's protection

Next story will be posted on December 9th.