Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Side story 56: Battlefield falling into chaos

Sorry for being so late.

I received a new review for my work! thank you!

Vandalieu's soul has descended into the Origin World. He himself thought that it wouldn't be a big problem because no one was watching him.

Actually, it wasn't a big problem inside the home base.

"What!? Is this creepy feeling that sends chills down my spine?"

"What!? I feel like I'm being watched over by someone, and my heart feels warm...?"

“Hm!?”

The members of the [Bravers] were inside the Rokudo headquarters, so they could not see them directly. However, he sensed the extraordinary magical power emanating from Vandalieu and realized that something strange had happened.

How they felt as a result of their realization differed depending on whether or not they were guided and protected by Vandalieu like Derrick and Joseph.

"Anyway, let's move on! There's no doubt that we have to stop Rokudou and the others!"

However, what Amemiya and the others must do has not changed. Therefore, they were able to resume action immediately.

On the other hand, Rokudou and his friends, who were about to intercept Amemiya and his friends, were seriously thwarted by the appearance of a strange creature.

“What is that!?”

The sight of a strange figure on the monitor was such a shock to Rokudou that it wiped out any composure he had had since he thought he had reached godhood.

"There's no response to the sensor! It's not a substance or a living thing! It's materialized... it's something materialized!"

“What materialized!? Is it magical power or a spirit? Or a spirit!? Is it something created by magic!?”

"The exact number is unknown because the magic sensor was broken, but... that strange creature is emitting death-attribute magic power."

Moriya and the others are confused as they don't know the identity of the newly appeared strange creature, but Rokudou succeeds in getting an idea from their reports.

"Death-attribute magic that suppresses my death-attribute magic... That can only be done by him. That strange form is 'undead'! It's Hiroto Amamiya!"

"What!? Isn't he supposed to be dead?"

"That's right. However, after he died, he turned into an undead. We thought that his body had been destroyed and disappeared, but... he may have remained in some form.

Or did he return from the afterlife?”

"That...that ugly monster was a human like us...But why did it appear at this timing and get in our way? There's no reason for him to protect the people of this world, let alone the Nordic Federation or the Republic of China!"

Moriya understood that Rokudo's guess was correct. That's because it's much easier to accept than thinking that an unknown monster with death-attribute magical power has appeared without any context.

However, I couldn't understand Hiroto Amamiya's actions. I can only assume that he appeared to protect the world from the Six Paths, not to take revenge on his own enemies, but I couldn't understand his motive for doing so.

“The Eighth Guidance that he helped me with… I can’t believe it’s that monster attached to Mei Amemiya! Is that also Hiroto Amamiya!?”

"That's right, Moriya. That's right, the monster that was possessing Amemiya's daughter is actually Hiroto Amamiya. And Mei Amemiya is probably unconsciously controlling him using death-attribute magic. It's a type of necromancy that summons the spirits of the dead.

　Huh, it's funny that the daughter of the couple who killed me is a puppet.''

After recovering from his shock with a laugh, Rokudou turned once again to those who had chosen to follow him.

“Then, I will apply all the bestowal magic that I can on you. Then, together with me, we will eliminate the Amemiya father and son who stand in our way!”

As a result, the impact within Rokudou's home base was limited to Amemiya's actions being delayed by a few seconds, and Rokudou's preparations for interception being delayed by a few minutes.

However, Vandalieu, who had been in captivity in Origin for about 20 years and reincarnated in Lambda for more than ten years, had forgotten that he had distant memories of coming into contact with scientific civilization. existence of artificial satellites.

There were also artificial satellites in ``Origin'', and each developed country was able to capture the strange shapes that appeared on the surface of the earth.

"Ah, it's the devil! The devil has appeared!"

“The Day of Judgment in the Bible…was it today!”

"Wait! That doesn't necessarily mean it's an occultist being! It could be a life form that came from outer space!"

The countries forming the European Union were in a huge panic when they saw Vandalieu's soul descending and materializing.

"I don't care what that monster is! What matters is what it does and what we can do about it!"

In the European Union, which was in a state of panic, some people tried to make their colleagues come to their senses with this appeal. However, not only the representatives of the Union but also the presidents of the more advanced countries within the Union had already disappeared, and the state's functions were paralyzed. Furthermore, since Vandalieu's spirit appeared far from his own territory, on the border between two major powers, he never took any concrete action.

However, there are some countries that have committed outrageous acts.

"That's God! It's the very image of God that we saw in our dreams!"

Sergei, who became the president of the United States through a coup, screamed with joy when he saw Vandalieu's soul reflected on the monitor. In his dream, he saw Vandalieu's gigantic soul playing with Mei.

"Oh, what a divine figure..."

"That wasn't a dream. Yes, it wasn't a dream!"

And his supporters that Sergei brought with him...the same hidden believers of the Eighth Guidance burst into tears of joy.

"W-what is that...!?"

"Oh, God...!"

The other ordinary people were at a loss for words when they saw Vandalieu's strange soul, and couldn't help but pray to the god they believed in. Those who are weak-willed are silently fainting.

"Ha, ha, ha, ha! Detecting death-attribute magic power from the target! That number is a numerical value! It's unmeasurable! With our country's technological capabilities, we cannot quantify the magical power of more than 9.9 billion!"

“The size is… 300 meters high and 1 kilometer in diameter!? Ah, ahahahahahahahaha!”

The operators, who had accurately measured the magic power of Vandalieu's soul to a certain extent and its size, began to laugh as if they had lost their minds.

“With over 9.9 billion magical powers… there’s no way humans can do anything about it!”

The man appointed by Sergei to be the head of the investigation agency burst into tears, thinking that the world would be destroyed by this strange monster.

"...Everyone, we are preparing for the press conference. We will announce it to the people."

However, Sergei's words brought the operator and the head of the investigation agency back to reality.

“I will make known that I am the president and that God has descended!”

When Vandalieu met Sergei and the others in his dream, it seems he should have mentioned something he didn't want to attract too much attention to.

There are also countries that have made common sense decisions as countries or as people. The Republic of China and the Nordic Federation, where the executive branch was destroyed and the safety of many of the people who play the central role in the nation is unknown.

The two countries were paralyzed in their functioning as countries. However, the local government was functioning, and they scrambled a reconnaissance plane and several fighter jets to escort it in response to the monster that suddenly appeared on the border.

No matter how you look at Vandalieu's strange form, it doesn't look like a friendly one. Moreover, under him is the Six Paths Research Institute, which is a state secret for them.

Contact with the representative who was supposed to be at the base was lost, and immediately after a large-scale explosion occurred in the capital. It's natural to want to find out what happened.

"I was able to observe death-attribute magic, but I can't measure the numerical value!"

“The wavelength of the death-attribute magic that was measured from the explosion site in the capital does not match. Its strength is also on an order of magnitude. And... it is gradually becoming gigantic!?”

“What do you mean!?”

"This monster is slowly becoming bigger! It's about 1 meter in diameter every second, but it keeps growing!"

The crew of the reconnaissance aircraft described it as becoming gigantic and growing, but that is not the case. Vandalieu is simply being pushed from within in order to keep suppressing the life force draining magic that Rokudou is emitting.

Normally, there is a huge difference in the power of death-attribute magic between Vandalieu and the Six Paths. Rokudou certainly possesses sophisticated control, and his precision surpasses Vandalieu's. However, everything else was not even close to Vandalieu's feet.

The magical power that Rokudou boasts of as being ``a huge amount'' is only a small amount, less than the amount of a single [Death Cannon] shot, to Vandalieu's current perspective.

If this were the world of Lambda, Vandalieu would have instantly dispelled the shock wave of death released by Rokudou.

However, this is the ``Origin'' world, where the laws of physics are different from ``Lambda'', and Vandalieu is in an unstable state, having simply [embodied] his soul. Like Hades for Bandar, there is no core body.

As a result, he was having a hard time suppressing the magic of the Six Paths.

(I see. I've heard that God uses energy to intervene on earth, but if the situation is more painful than this, I can't take it lightly.

Ah, I'm glad I'm still human)

While thinking about this, I secretly urge Amemiya and the others to defeat Rokudou as soon as possible.

However, military officials from the Republic of China and the Nordic Federation, who were unaware of such circumstances, made the wrong decision.

“That monster must have been created by the traitorous Six Paths! He is the source of all evil! Attack! ”

Attack anything that is unknown or ugly. It's a short-sighted decision, but it's a reasonable one for a human being. However...in this case, they mistook their shield for an enemy, which was fatal.

The fighter plane, relieved of its mission to escort the reconnaissance plane, fires a missile at Vandalieu's soul.

“Oh? ”

Although Vandalieu was aware that there were jet planes flying around him, he did not expect to be attacked, so with surprise he set up a [Ceasefire Barrier] and absorbed the energy of the missile, causing it to fail to explode.

There is no problem in using the [Ceasefire Barrier] itself, as I used it even when I was an ``undead'' in this world.

“Oh? ”

However, due to the shock wave of death that could not be suppressed due to the barrier, a part of the soul that had spread out into a dome shape swelled into a distorted shape.

“The target has transformed!”

"Are you planning to counterattack!? I request permission to attack again!"

The fighter jets interpret this as a hostile reaction and attempt to repeat missile attacks.

"Hmm...that's troublesome."

For Vandalieu, the missiles they fire are not a threat even if he receives them. If you have a physical body, even if you get hit directly, you will only get burned. It was a much softer attack than the direct hit from the fist of ``Giant of Thunder'' Brateo.

However, it is not good for the current [embodied] soul to be received in a state where it is just spread out in a dome shape. If it hits directly, the impact will open a hole, and the deadly shockwave trapped inside will leak out.

In other words, this attack is a threat to those conducting this missile attack and to the country itself that sent them.

``What should we do? ”

Vandalieu thought as he blocked the second missile attack with a barrier in the same way, distorting his shape again as a result.

Fighter planes are troublesome. They are far away and fly around quickly and at high speeds. On the other hand, he cannot move from this place.

If Bander was free, I would have him come down with me, but Bander is busy being Bander. We do not have enough general-purpose transformation equipment to distribute to all victims. I have to take him to a safe zone, but that safe zone doesn't exist within Rokudo's base.

And now it's gone outside the facility. In the current situation where we are being attacked by missiles from fighter jets, we do not know when the victims will be hit by stray bullets.

...Would you rather release a shockwave of death toward the fighter jets and the country that sent them? If all potential enemies die, it will be safe for now. That thought goes over my head.

``If someone were to dispatch fighter planes this quickly and launch an attack, it would be the Nordic Federation or the Republic of China. If you open holes only in those directions and allow the shock waves to escape, the damage will be limited. Also, I can secure a safe zone for the victims to evacuate to, and my burden will be lessened.''

When I thought about it, it didn't seem like a bad idea.

It is Vandalieu's choice to protect the people of Origin in this way. It's not because I was asked to do it or anything. Therefore, I don't particularly think or feel anything about attacking me.

It's just that I lose the will to continue protecting those people.

In the first place, attacking Vandalieu with a missile is the same as attacking the base of the Six Paths inside him. That means that they have not given any consideration to the safety of Mei and others inside the facility.

In other words, for Vandalieu, this fighter and the nation that sent it are enemies. Even if the general public doesn't know anything about it yet.

"Alright, let's perish before the Six Paths."

I tried to adjust the hole so that the shock wave would only be emitted above the fighter plane.

“Wait! ”

There were people inside him calling out to stop Vandalieu.

``Which one are you? ”

“We are the presidents of the countries killed by Rokudo! A great being! ”

Those were the spirits of those killed by the Six Paths. They rushed to stop Vandalieu.

``The more creatures he kills with his magic, the more energy he absorbs and the more magical power he accumulates! ”

『So, it is not a good idea to use his magic to kill a large number of humans! ”

“So, if you want to kill a lot of people, please use us! ”

The spirits of the former President of the United States had no thoughts of protecting innocent people at all. All that remains of them is the madness of doing anything to help Mei and Vandalieu.

"I see. Certainly, it seems foolish to let Rokudou gain strength. But even if I use you guys... Ah, I found something just right.

But for now, let's just shoot down fighter jets.''

While saying that, he poured about 10,000 magical powers into the unexploded missile and poured the souls of the presidents into it.

“Leave it to me, God! ”

The presidents, who had turned into curse missiles inhabited by evil spirits, rushed towards the fighter plane.

"What, it's locked!? Are the Nordic Federation fighters aiming at us!?"

"It's locked!? It's from the Republic of China... no, it's not! It's the missile we shot! The missile is coming back!?"

The fighter pilots, not expecting the missile to return as undead, panicked and took evasive action, scattering decoys and trying to escape.

“There’s no point in running away! ”

``Are you fooled by something like that? ”

However, the spirits residing in the missile sensed the pilot's life reactions and continued to pursue it without being distracted by evasive actions or decoys, resulting in a successful hit. The fighter jet exploded.

Vandalieu could not tell the difference between a fighter plane and a reconnaissance plane, but the presidents could tell the difference, so the reconnaissance planes sent by both countries remained.

"Contact your home country! The enemy is counterattacking by using the missiles we launched in some way! Further attacks are cancelled! Attacks are canceled!"

However, while reporting this, I hurriedly evacuated.

``Then let's ask Hiroshi to help us create a safe zone. That way, the other me and Hiroshi can move freely.''

Unaware that such a thing was happening in the sky, Rokudou and Amamiya finally faced each other with their respective companions.

"You've changed a lot, Rokudo."

"Is it about appearance? Or is it that I betrayed you?"

Although his face was the same as before, Rokudou was now taller, with pale skin and no hair on his body, giving him an inanimate aura.

If someone told you that it was a finely made doll, you might believe it. That's what it looks like.

"Of course, it's about appearance and magical power. As for the betrayal... it's been a long time since then, right? But when did it start? Is it because of that incident at the institute, or were you planning on betraying me even before you formed the [Bravers]?"

"In the sense that I tried to use you, it was even before the organization was formed. I was planning to use you, Asagi, and Endo well to take control of the organization. However, in the true sense of the word, I decided to betray you when I learned of the existence of 'undead'... Amamiya Hiroto and death-attribute magic, as you said."

"I see...it seems I'm not as suited to be a leader as I thought."

"It's sad to be looked down upon like that. It means that my skills were excellent.

What do you think? If you're okay with it, would you like to dance in my palm again? ”

Derrick and Narumi looked surprised at Rokudou's sudden proposal. It seems that he did not think that he would try to recruit Amemiya now.

``The situation has changed. Hiroto Amamiya, who has turned into a demon, has appeared outside this facility. To my dismay, he has more magical power than I do now.

...Perhaps he is being manipulated by your daughter, or perhaps he is manipulating your daughter. If left as is, Hiroto Amamiya will turn this world into a world of death, where no living things exist. Even though you denied the death attribute, I'm sure you wouldn't be able to welcome him.''

Rokudou suggested this, keeping silent that he was the one who tried to create a world of death where no living things existed, and then asked Amamiya.

"I don't know. You are the symbol of the leader, and I am the one in charge of the practical work behind the scenes. What do you mean by returning to its original sheath?"

In response, Amamiya laughed self-deprecatingly.

``Apparently, I was a total idiot to you.Rokudou, I have no intention of accepting that invitation.

Besides, Hiroto Amamiya will create a world of death? It's such an off-base opinion that it could go down in history. That's"

“...It seems you have chosen to be used by Hiroto Amamiya this time. You seem to be a true fool.

I can't help it. I'll kill them both! ”

At the same time as Rokudou shouted, a sinister magical power was released from his entire body. Narumi and Derrick flinch at the amount of magical power that exceeds that of nearly 100 million humans.

"Ahahahahahahaha! With that much magical power, you can kill that person!?"

"You're better suited to be a comedian than a researcher!"

However, I remembered the words of Yukijorou and Bokor, who laughed without fear and launched an attack.

"...Certainly not as good as him."

"Well, if you ask me which one is the monster, it's Bandar."

"Don't say it where he can hear me, he's the type of person who cares a lot."

Joseph causes the seeds of the plant to sprout, and Yodou protects Nanamori, who is in charge of recovery. A beat later, Derrick also takes over as an escort, and Narumi uses [Angel] to coordinate in real time.

"I already know everything about your abilities!"

[Shaman] Moriya released an artificial spirit created by his ability towards Amamiya and the others. Joseph is a muscular giant with a lower body of hellfire. Yukijoro is a cold giant wearing ice armor. Then, a skeleton holding a scythe, which Amemiya and the others had never seen before, was released toward Nanamori.

"Go, Ifrit, Ymir, and Charon, the death-attribute spirit created from Rokudo-san's magic!"

“Is it Charon!? What part of that is the boatman!?”

Derrick uses his magical fist to deflect the scythe wielded by a skeleton whose ferocity makes it hard to believe that he was only there to collect the dead and transport the dead across the river.

“What!?”

At that moment, the magic that had been applied to his fist disappeared.

"The spirits are also cast with magic that gives them the death attribute. You should think that the magic will disappear if you touch them. The equipment seems to be fine, though."

“Troublesome…not only are you ignoring the original text, but you’re also ignoring common sense!”

"Damn, what a sturdy powered suit! It touched Charon's sickle and was unharmed!"

Derrick groans when he realizes that he can't use the magic to increase his physical abilities in a melee fight, but Moriya also licks his tongue at the high performance of the suits they're wearing.

It was hard for Moriya to believe that the suit and the body beneath it remained unharmed even after being hit by a blow from an artificial spirit for battle created using his abilities, whose lethal power was enhanced by the Six Paths.

It seems difficult to kill Nanamori, the healer, with just Charon. However...

"It's a misconception that plants are weak against fire."

Ifrit was supposed to easily burn down the plants with its increased killing power, but because Joseph was controlling the plants that contained a lot of water, it was having a harder time than expected.

“Did you think I couldn’t fight?!”

And against Ymir, who is targeting Yukijorou, Bokor, who has activated his own cells and generated heat on his own, challenges him to a close combat.

"That's right! I'm an amateur at martial arts! But with this equipment given to me by God, I can buy time!"

...Ymir doesn't seem to lose, but it seems like it will take some time before she wins.

"Oooooooooooo!"

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The engineers run next to Moriya, aiming for Nanamori while screaming like beasts.

They were not expected by the Six Paths either as engineers or researchers, and they survived because they were present and swore loyalty to the Six Paths.

They are also strengthened with death-attribute magic. Their lethal force has been strengthened, their sense of pain has been cut off, and their fear has become paralyzed.

To use it as a disposable force.

"You may be a victim too, but I have no sympathy for you! That's not all!"

However, after all, it was a hastily constructed force. They are crushed by the gravity controlled by [Titan] Iwao, and they all collapse before they can reach Nanamori.

“The [Bravers] are over! Are you still going to resist!?”

“What if we give up on Amemiya? I think it would be much wiser to stay here!?”

Nabeshima, a [Knight] who can embody magical power as armor, is wearing an invisible armor with space attributes, and Yazaki, a [Issunshi] who can manipulate the size of objects, is firing bullets that have been made several dozen times larger.

"I'm sorry that the Bravers are the only ones that end!? Besides, I'll think about what happens later!"

“It just looks like you guys are being cornered!”

Yodou attacked Nabeshima, and Narumi, who dodged a bullet that had grown to about a meter in diameter, retaliated.

"Rokudo, it's over! You have become the enemy of the world!"

Amemiya releases several magic spells with [ignoring defense power] at the same time.

"No, it's about to start!"

However, Rokudou easily blocked Amemiya's magic, which should have been impossible, with a barrier.

"What!?"

"Your [ignoring defense power] is certainly amazing. But did you know that if you attack instead of defending, that ability won't be effective?"

To put it in an analogy, it would be like using a sword to attack and deflect a sword being swung at you, instead of blocking it with a shield. However, what Amemiya released was not a sword, but magic in the form of an arrow or ball that flew at high speed. Hitting a target is as difficult as shooting a bullet down.

That's why Amemiya has rarely encountered enemies who used that method until now.

"That barrier... I see, is it a barrier that attacks my magic and steals my magical power?"

"Yes, this is the power of the death attribute."

For Amamiya's ability to ignore defense, the barrier, which was a rudimentary form of death-attribute magic, was the biggest threat. And, in Origin, there are no substances like [Demon King's Fragment] or Orichalcum that can nullify the barrier.

"Now, it's my turn! Flames of death, burst forth!"

Amemiya groaned and evaded the torrent of blue-white flame released by Rokudou. Amamiya also boasts an amount of magical power that is incomparable to that of an ordinary person, but he is no match for the current Six Paths.

If you put up a barrier and stop walking, the entire barrier will be crushed instantly.

However, it would be a bad idea to bring it into a melee battle. Rokudou's fighting and knife skills are even better than Amemiya's due to the [Learning Speed ​​Increase] cheat. Moreover, Rokudou is currently using a special body created in order to master death-attribute magic. Due to [Growth Restriction Immunity], his physical abilities continue to grow beyond human limits.

"Hehe, you were a man who relied on your abilities after all. I understand that. Now, die!"

Rokudo read Amemiya's movements and cornered him against the wall. Then, by attacking a wide area with magic that contains millions of magical powers, there is no room to avoid it, in an attempt to put an end to it.

Even though he was laughing at it verbally, it was a sign that Rokudou was wary of Amamiya. This is because they are wary of not being able to win if they fight him and Bandar at the same time.

“It’s gone!”

Amemiya notices Rokudou's aim, but it's already too late. The wall is in the way of escaping on your own.

However, the reinforcements that appeared from the wall saved his life.

“You should die, false hero!”

The blue-white flames released by Rokudou seemed to envelope Amemiya. At that moment, the wall shattered, and from the other side appeared a monster about three meters tall with a metallic luster...Hiroshi wearing transformation gear.

“Wow! ”

"H-!? H-Hiroshi!?"

“Don’t bully dad, you bald guy! [Magic bullet]! ”

Defense power specialized transformation equipment is specialized in defense power. As a result, he can only use death-attribute or non-attribute magic. Therefore, Hiroshi, who cannot use death-attribute magic, fired a non-attribute [magic bullet].

“I thought it was Hiroshi-kun, but he seems to be wearing some pretty strong armor, but he doesn’t have enough defense--what!?”

And although the transformation equipment that Hiroshi was wearing was specialized for defense, it also had high performance as a magic medium that aided magic.

A transformation gear specialized in defense power that uses several hundred times the amount of material used in regular transformation gear. Its performance as a magic medium is several hundred times that of normal transformation equipment.

And, normal transformation equipment has more than double the performance compared to this world's magic medium. As a result...the [magic bullet] released by Hiroshi, who had Vandalieu's blessing, was several hundred times more powerful.

“B-are you stupid!?”

Rokudou was hit directly by the huge black mass, and although he immediately put up a barrier, he was unable to block it and was sent flying by the impact and crashed into the wall.

We apologize for the inconvenience, but we will be posting the next episode on May 11th, one day later than planned.