Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chronology New life and death

Vandalou has processed the souls of Alda and the power of Alda was unraveled, and the gods of the Vida family finally came back to their own gods.

"...the more you die"

“From the time when I negotiated with the gods of each different world who was entrusted to Rodo Corte.”

"The work that had been packed for over ten thousand years is a good......"

“This is also a bad guy who lost to Gudulanis...”

"I'll be able to get my own business, but I'm good?"

“The Goddess of Life and Love” Vida, who came to visit his gods, is conf。 to Zulwarn, spilling silence.

“Oh, I know I’m self-sufficient.”

。 It’s a good idea to maintain and manage the world as before.

"Also the obligatory gods left behind. I had a job that I left, but I was doing it.

It is a problem. How many times did you say?

Not only Zulwarn, but also the work that the Great Gods who were away from the Gods ...... The maintenance and management of the “Ramda” world has been done by God who did not join the fight of Vida and Alda, and the new obedience God who joined God in the era when Alda forces were reigned.

Therefore, the attributes of water, soil, space, and time have been kept so far. However, it is limited only to obedience God as the Great God is absence.

In the case of a company, it is like to operate the company for decades only by the managers without the representative.

Although the situation is different depending on the attributes, the spatial attributes that Zurwan manages were the most part of work.

There are few gods of spatial attributes. However, as a result of the Battle of Madah, then Vida and Alda, the number of Gods that can act further reduced. After that, while Alda’s power is reigning in the world, Rabang and other new God added several pillars, but it was not enough to compensate for the lost number.

Of course, even if you say that the work is溜umulating, the world of lambda is destroyed. It’s not as crises, but the work you need to deal with is just like a mountain.

When expressed roughly, it is a state that the gods are filled with documents that must be pressed.

In other words, Zurwan is tired of working to confirm the document and press the discriminator, and he came to the Gods of Vidah to Zero.

“Oh, I want to live only by eating pizza while drinking cola.”

There is no such work. “The deity of corruption” Mubuggenge is added to the maintenance and management of life attributes. Or are you going to be a god of boredness and obesity?

In other words, Vida s。es the belly of the lying dinosaurslwan. He chose Vida to the opponent who 痴ishes, because she had enough space.

Vida is the same that he had been away from his gods for over ten thousand years, but the management of life attributes was called “Horaijin”.

That’s why most of the work we’re doing.

In addition, the situation of other attributes ......The light attribute that Arda was healthy, the wind attribute with the semi-larged Nine Road as a substitute of the “God of the Wind and Art” sidarily destroyed tens of thousands years ago is not accumulated as the life attribute of Vida.

Zantak, the 神 Great God of Fire attributes, was mutated in conjunction with the wicked God of the Devil. That’s why I’m not able to go back to my previous gods. However, as the semi-Grand Priest, the god of flame attribute was more than the god of spatial attribute, the situation is quite mashi.

And the earth attribute that God, who was the Lord of the Great God, was sealed during the battle with the Mao army, is the next work of the spatial attribute.

The water attributes that the goddess of water and knowledge have been sleeping until recently are similar.

and time attributes. Because there are few Gods as much as the spatial attribute, Rikuhin will work indecent and press the paper.

However, Vida is not easy.

“In other words, the combination between the Vida’s recycle system and the Lodo Corte’s recycle system is good?”

“Zulwarn, really came to hear it.”

Vida was trying to make a system that controls the revitalization of the new breed of Vida, which was assembled by himself, as well as a system that controls the regeneration of all animals and plants other than the humans and witches of Rodcolte.

This is also useful for subturbulence, which is the use of the original rodocolte.

What does it mean?

"Uhufu is not going at all"

And it was difficult even if the power of Vida, the Great God.

。 I thought that it would be difficult to do so.

。 It is easy if you just stick it, but it is important to just stick it. Even if there is no problem in the system, the pride and pride as a goddess fall into the earth

You can just make two systems one by one. However, the result is a system with a random destination.

Even shiny dinosaurs, wise men and saints may be植物s and plants. On the contrary, you may rebirth the dead villas and outward, and the new Vida family, without any rebels.

It remains unpredictable in the present world.

"I want to change from human species, elf, dwarf to Vida's new species, and avoid bugs and errors when the magic is led to Vanderou."

The mutations to the new breed of vampire, gour, and witch were the mechanism that Vida transferred the people of the world from the Lodo Corte’s regeneration system to their own regeneration system.

For this reason, the original purpose is fulfilled, but at the time it was not assumed that Rodo Corte was completely destroyed, so it was not possible to stop the mutations to the new breed of Vida.

Therefore, the new breeds of Vida, including vampire, are still mutating human species, elfs and dwarfs to the same family.

In addition, Vandalou is able to lead the magic and transfer the soul to the Vida-style wheel transduction system. There was no problem until now, but there may be a problem after matching the Lodcorte system. Vida continued to work hard to prevent it in advance.

“Vandalu is also helping me, but it’s hard.”

“I’m working on it!”

"Yes, I can help you now." Home

Zulwarn aimed at the person who Vida pointed by hand. Then I saw many animals like Ammonite swim like the gods of Vida.

There are several eyes on the shell that is often seen, and it seems to be doing something with a vida-type regeneration system by stretching the手を。.

"... I really helped. I'm telling you,

モ you’ve noticed your eyes, shake your手を s and greet Ammonite Modoki’s Vandalu’s soul fragments, and you’ll be nodded in four heads.

I think that Vandaloo is God after all.

The God of Death It seems that it is possible to work because it is responsible for the concept of regeneration of circles. ......I'm not good at it, but I'm going to cover it with a number."

I see. By the way, what was the death attribute for this world?

Basically, there are no global attributes. However, due to the invasion of Gudulanis and the rebirth of Vandaloo, the new dead attributes were increased in this world.

Therefore, one attribute that must be managed is changed. For this reason, God of the dead attribute manages the dead attribute.

"I'm doing it. There is Vandaloo who became part of God in “Origin”, so I can understand how to do it.

“Where are you doing? What is the God of Vandalu?”

"I want to be doing one of the worlds in the body."

“Wow, do you know what is amazing?”

The Gods of Vandalou were formed in his body.

“But I don’t go to Vandalou, but I think it’s harder than we were supposed to do.”

Home Even if it is completed, it is not fully automatic, but it will be a manual system that we move directly. ......You should be like that.

It is a system to send to the next generation after death of humans who live a complex and long life compared to many animals and plants. It is impossible for God to fully independent system if you evaluate and change the revitalization.

“If you think so, you can expect the reason why Rodo Corte made a system that decides to leave the re生ing destination completely without any evaluation of the previous actions.”

“Since I was司d by multiple worlds, I shouldn’t have enough hands to move the system manually.”

"In order to continue to be a god of multi-world revitalization, we had to focus on automation and efficiency of the revitalization system."

“So, as a result of a thorough elimination of the uterus, the system was completed.”

I see. I can think of it.

"It's just a guess."

There is no reason to know that Rodo Corte has disappeared and the original three people have never heard of Rodo Corte's heart and past.

I guessed Zulwarn, and Rod Corte was moving the system to continue to be as a god of reincarnation, but it might be the purpose of moving the system between time and time.

However, his、ulation is completely out of focus, and Rodocolte may proceed to improve efficiency from the beginning to ease the system.

No one exists.

“Where is it difficult to work?”

"There is also a problem, but if you make a place called "Jigoku", the solicitation of the judge who judges the dead does not go well."

"... Hell?"

If you evaluate the predecessor's behavior and decide the destination, you will need to be evaluated naturally.

And if you change the destination, you can't be able to change your life immediately after death. There is no waiting time.

And Vanderou believed that hell is necessary as a world after death. And if you want to make hell, don’t have it.

"I want you to do a judge that decides the sorting of it," Giarodips

It is a proposal that is not true. I don't know if I'm serious from before.

Giarodips rejected the proposal of Vandalu while tilting the two heads.

“How much is the right person?”

"It's a crazy thing, such as making the former invaders judge the good and evil of the life of intellectual life that lives in this world."

“The God of Sins” Giarodips is God of司. That’s why it’s easy to blame the知s of intellectual life. However, I do not recognize myself that the criteria of what to define is fair.

Is the みgiarism罪? Where is the  if it is ? It is  to steal things from someone's nostalgia or home. But is it not stealing to take eggs from the bird's巣est? If the bird is a livestock, what is the owner's right?

What should you do if you are not stealing from non-human beings? Do you have a job? Do you have high intelligence? Or do you have a human type?

Is it not defined as human beings who are not able to work, people who suffer from injury or illness, and intellectual life that are not humanoids?

Jalodips, a deity that came to this world from another world, is far from general humans. And he is aware of it.

“We don’t want to call sinners who just collected eggs from wild birds.”

“I can’t be able to withstand the罪s of those who abused the existence of heart as if they are not human.”

“So I think I and Vida would like to rely on you.”

And Vandalou thought that it was a di、 that suits the judges because it was Jalodips that think so far.

“I’m biased by the standards, and I’m trying to see if the judgment is too irritating or too sweet.”

“T』’s right?”

And Vandaloo is self-conscious that he is not suitable for the judge. A few years ago, he sorted the slave of slave in the slave mine of the Duchess of Hartner, and he puts his shoulders on him.

Don’t worry if the opponent kills a few people in the past. It is a sexuality that you will lose.

“I said myself, but I don’t have to say that it’s like that...”

“The fascinating effect of the dead is not a matter of personality of you...the lead is a problem.”

"If you are in front of you, you will be dreamed of you any death." If you just want to change, you may be crazy.

“What happens if you go to hell by yourself if you are in a little near you?”

"It's a problem."

The mechanism to determine the merits of life ... The necessary magic items are created in the future, but even if there is such a thing, it becomes a material that judges whether the dead is confessed or not.

It is not possible to welcome if it is incorrect.

After all, I thought that I will not be appointed as a judge.

“If you’re a refuge, you think this role is suitable for God who is responsible for law. That’s why.”

"No way to work" Let’s do our best until the right God is born again.

In two heads, I have agreed to become a judge.

Perhaps, remembering the body of Alda, which should be the head of God who controls the law, and instead of “rejecting it because it is not appropriate”, he recons。ed that it is possible to cooperate even if it is not suitable.

However, if you do it, please think from the mechanism of the trial. Vanderou, youth, “Is it supposed to be a court of a system?”

“T」’s right, it’s different from what I know.”

Cri、 trials in the world of Rumda are generally judged by a government official or an agent designated by the government, and the role of the prosecutor is often performed by guards and law who examined the sinner. There are no attorneys, and they are often one-person.

Actually, the Amid Imperial Empire, who becomes a holy country, has adopted a judicial system that is close to the legal state of the Earth.

The judges are judged in urban courts and high courts, and one of the priests of the Alda Grand Prison, which is independent from the system, is chosen to defend the sinners.

......Of course, only three types of people whose Empire defines humans, elf and dwarf are eligible for fair trials in the Amid Empire. In addition, even if the defender is attached, it was not destroyed. On the contrary, depending on the司 and the priest’s personality of the sinner, he said, “I would like to leave the slash of mercy rather than slave the slave.”

The priest of the Temple of Alda is not hired by the lawyer. However, it is not limited to prioritizing the interests of suspects because it acts according to the teachings of Alda and their own hearts.

"I think of a system to deliberate and judge several times instead of determining it at once. In addition, I think that I will have a role to defend the dead.

It takes time to make a decision, but there will be no rush.

Of course, the judges are not only Jalodips, but they work on the use of Jalodips and the demons, and they will respond to the judges of the large amount of death that comes out every day.

In the future, the god of God.

"It's good for me." It’s dangerous to make decisions at once, even if God makes mistakes.

"I was an invader, Alda, Gudulanis. It was easy if the existence of all intelligence

“If you are God, we don’t exist.”

When the god of all-intelligence exists, the evil gods who were 配 down with the King Gラanis were defeated, and they were wondered. It was not possible to summon勇s from different worlds as inferior, so Zakart and Bellwood were summoned to this world.

It is because God also makes mistakes.

At that time, Vandalou's [In、 World] worked to create a world after the death by countless demons, daemons and undeads.

It is not recommended to separate the penalty in detail. "The world in the body is not widely the world of myth"

I agree This is a round 。. It is not divided into scorching and cold areas, and it is not divided into eight layers toward the basement."

It was a Buddhist and Christian hell of the Earth. However, it is impossible to reproduce them in the world.

When I asked the god of the earth to make a reference, there were more types of punishment than expected. If you reproduce everything, the area is not enough.

"But I'm not going to imitate like that. It was planned to adjust according to the myths of Ramda, but it seems difficult.

“It is said that the world is conveyed to roses by God and sect.”

In the “Ramda” world, Vida Daejin is not talking about the so-called world. Because I was outsourced to Rodo Corte.

When I explained, there was no lie to say "After death, all life is treated equally," but there were many gods who speak only the endless facts.

However, after the battle of Vida and Alda, when the gods are not able to remain on the ground for a long time, each temple has created various myths and legends about the death of people and spread to people.

Even in the world of lambda, death is a serious theme for people. In the era when God is unable to preach direct teaching, it is an important role of the temple to express the necessary guidelines for people’s anxiety and life. Don’t speak.

The Gods of Alda force saw it from the Gods, but did not point out the mistake. This is because the creation of the world was a good idea.

In addition, it was not preferable to abusive God's commitment to correct mistakes. The Gods of the Vida family that may be revived, and if they are prepared for the fight against the wicked Gods of the Devil’s residuals, God’s commitment is influenced by the essence of the believers who receive.

A is wrong. Even if it is true B, it was actually not unusual to be interpreted as “A is true” depending on the recipient.

After undeading, there is no such superior to the essence of receiving God’s commitment, such as Nuasa, who has received exactly God’s deity, or Ayrek who has not mistakenly received the deity of Alda several times.

However, Vida’s new tribes were not able to create myths of the world after death because of the opportunity to speak directly with God in the boundary of the boundary, the continent, and the galtland.

“What is the creation of that world?”

Godwin, who was interested in how Vandaloo made hell. He has been living for more than a thousand years, but he has spent most of his time in the boundary, so he doesn’t know how the temple of human society spreads.

......In recent years, the exchange with the Kingdom of Orbaum was started, so there was a chance to know, but at that time I did not know because I was not interested.

"Now, in the destroyed Amid Empire, the sinners who were not裁ed before life, who were not compensated, will be judged in the court of Alda after death, and will be punished until they compensate for。 in prison. It is common. I was young and I learned that.

......If you think after you know the truth, even if you are creative, there are too many reviews."

"Oh, because it is the purpose that the temple officials preach the followers. It is a good idea to say that it is not bad because it is written to the believer.

I want to say a lot.

“T、’s right, but it’s just getting darker even if it’s not drunk. What is the other than the Alda Temple?

“I’m not familiar with Orbaum.”

After death, in the case of the Nine Road temple, it is converted into a painting brush or instrument of the gods, and the mind of evil is beautifully cleansed and it is a tool to produce art.

The priest of Farmown is trained strictly in the training area until the roots are knocked down.

The Botin Temple is 。 on the gold floor of the gods, and it is hammered and forged with flames until the evil hearts are gone.

In the Peria Temple, I will continue to stray the wilderness without water until I reveal all of theのかs of the world.

The temple of Rikuhin is a laboratory platform for the research of the gods. The temple is made of toys and materials of the gods.

"...The end of the malignant is different from other hair color only in the Temple of Rikula and Zulwarn."

“The doctrine of Rikuhin and Zulwan is special.”

Like Licilia, Liccia and Zulwarn’s doctrines are not just about the standards of goodness, but also as researchers, artists and inventors.

The priest of the Temple of Zulwarn and the Temple of Zulwarn, who asked the believer about what will happen after our death, may be twisted in an appropriate manner when the Temple of Alda created a mythology about the world after the death.

"But it is impossible to reproduce it as it is"

I don’t have to come to God to make the souls of sinners to experiment tables and toys.

“Isn’t it better to study how to get your soul without hurting your soul?”

That’s right. It is a punishment to do in hell and it is not punished."

Vanderoo is a way to crush and slaughter the soul, but it is impossible to do so. If Rodo Corte was an administrator of the reincarnation system, it is not possible to damage the current administrator Vida.

In addition, even if the soul is crushed, it should be too damaged. When the soul hurts, the person loses personality and memory. There is no intention to respect the personality and memory of a malicious person, but if you fall in hell, you will lose the significance of the existence of hell if you do not know that you are being punished by a person who is abandoned earlier.

“But the dead is the only state of the soul and the spirit. Don’t hurt your soul... it’s hard to give pain?

The soul exists in the spirit. However, if you damage it, you may think that it is only a 体, but if you damage it repeatedly, the 体 is gradually broken and it will affect the soul.

"It is difficult to use the power like the力を of the Giarodips,"

And mental dist、: It is difficult to penalize a large number of vicious people, even if you want to remember the work you have done before life, or show the phantoms of the victim who blame you, or do it for a specific individual.

Even if you are a victim of 感lt, you may not feel anything even if you are abused by the victim. rather difficult than giving physical pain.

It is also subtle to make a prisoner like a live prisoner. The dead is not old and does not feel fatigue. We do not need meals or sleep.

It may be unpleasant to spend long and労働 labor in an inferior environment, but it may not be painful compared to receiving it at a live time.

“If you want to penalize the malicious person after putting it into a special body?”

Godwin said that.

“Is it a good idea to make goム, goム, and undeads? So, if you make a malicious body and make a painful goム and undead, you can give punishment without hurting your soul?”

If it is difficult to punish the body and the soul of the dead, it is necessary to give the body and punish it. Godwin was a shocking idea for Vandaloo.

"It feels like the eyeball fell not only from the eye scale"

“Is it okay?”

“First, let’s try it with the spirit of the best vicious person who can make the first body in the alchemy. The material is made using the earth, stone, and my blood and the 片facts of the Devil's 片facts.

In this way, “Ramda” is going to make hell in the world.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.