Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 357: Clash between the old demon lord, self-proclaimed humans, and their friends

The Heinz of the "five-colored blade" was struggled to the malakoda with the body of red black flame.

"Gooo! Gaiaaaa! Gehahahaha!"

Attacks caused by fire 鉤 claws and tails are  ent, and can not be prevented unless the shield of the saint or derザ of honey.

In addition, malakoda had the ability to deprive moisture from the body of the closer person and cause dehydration symptoms. The man-made spirit of flame and death was also responsible for “drying”.

「【ONE PIECE】

However, one shot by the holy sword of the Heinz that gave the [shine life], which is the magic of supreme attribute, was cut into two arms that the malachoda was built for defense.

“Ginja Hahahaha!”

However, malakoda revived and revived. Even if it is a holy sword inherited from Bellwood, this artificial spirit is not easy.

“It is the spirit of the legendary fire attribute”

It’s not far fromフェニックス. However, I think it’s a legion-like look.

Malaccorda had the immortality that he thought of the undead bird , which is written in the legend that Heinz thought.

It is possible to play in a few seconds even if two bodies are separated, so they can also recall a copy of the legion that they fought in the "Maze of Trials of Alda".

"I'm not a counter, but it's still a mess."

"If you do not want to make the whole body powder at once!"

Jennifer, who has been awarded [shining life] in the same way as Heinz, releases the fist in the malachoda continuously. Apply a magic item to prevent heat and make your skin dry.

』

However, malakoda is not only done. Avoid the fist of jennifer, aim at the counter with a kick, sip the flame from the mouth and take the distance.

If he is always, he adds not only jennifer, but also Edgar, and s es the movement of the malakoda, and he decides the trick. However, there is no Edgar.

If you pull out the power of the bellwood that has gone down, you may be able to destroy the malakoda. However, he will not be able to keep the remaining few minutes when he is consumed largely.

(Now, you can’t fight Gudulanis, and you don’t have any meaning if you’re looking for an artificial spirit again.) I want to avoid solving the神 of God in a situation surrounded by Vandaloos.

I expected to fight against the fight, but now the wings attacked with the six lanes were also wary of Vandalu. They were attacked by all six directions, but they were not obliged to be wary of Vandaloos, but they were not trusted or trusted by each other.

Jennifer and Heinz continued to fight cautiously with the support of Deliza and Diana to defeat the malakoda specialized in attack and dy , while suppressing irritation.

Vandaloo, who saw the scenes of such honeys in battle with Gudulanis, was lucky with a double meaning.

Heinz attracts the suspicious individuals among artificial spirits and continues to fight as it is. Thanks to Dalcia, we have developed more than one battle against other artificial spirits.

In addition, he earned time until he interferes with Gudulanis.

Vandalu, who decided to defeat Gudulanis by Heinz, can be found to anyone who is thinking of becoming a cuckold.

It is better not to fight with enemies.

"If you don't have a flock, you're going to win yourself!? [Shyning Blow]!

"[Yanagi], who is confusing, I am a good man. 】

"Can I play even during this period? If you are in humans, we will collect the fl  of our body! ? [Prince death]!

"[Ogre Fire], because it is safer and more convenient for me to absorb [片re] in front of me."

The battle between Vandalou and Gudulanis continues.

Using the skills of Edgar to release martial arts and instead of [Making's fat], use sebum generated from [Making's sebaceous gland] to mimic Vanderou's magic. Vandaloo repeated attack while dealing with it.

“I’ll protect or avoid myの well.”

After starting the game, Vandaloo was unable to direct attack to Gudulanis.

"Kukku, because the status of your mother's venge is helpful! This way! "

While laughing, Gudulanis tried to avoid unwillingly applying the [transition gate] released in conjunction with Gphadoghan.

“If you can’t be able to attack, how much will you have magic?”

"It seems that my attack is scary."

Gduranis was a good example, but the expression disappeared from the moment Vandalu said.

"[H d Sensing: Death] effect? Even if Edgar's skill is used, the reaction is too fast."

Gudulanis didn’t have a way of fighting emphasizing the skill of the early game. I didn’t need it. It is because there was no meaning for him with a resilient body, without accepting poisons and diseases, which is stronger than any armor.

That became possible because I got the status of Edgar as I told him that I could use his skills by absorbing the soul of Edgar. However, the defense and avoidance of Gudulanis was too good.

It was because the reflective nerve of Gudulanis was superior to Edgar, but it was not because it grew in a short period of time as a result of learning by six-way cheet ability. It was the first time to detect and avoid death from Vandalu's attack.

It was a point of pointing out that it would be returning "w。 did you do?" That’s why it’s not ous.

“You are you! Do you want to remember your unfamiliar attack and say that you are scared?”

However, it was a iliation that I would like to admit to the King Gudulanis. In particular, he is the influence of the sixth road, in his current state, which compensates for the insufficient part of the soul with the soul of the sixth road.

』

“When you get a star, you’re angry, and you’re the same. 【S】 fighting】

The 昂endous gudulanis hit their arms from the inside of the body, but Vandaloo 動ed and greeted with the soul fighting technique that embodies the soul.

[Screw Blow]! [Hundred Fist]! Fugoooo!

"[E】est], [Thousand whipping], [Disinfection]"

The red-black blood of Vanderou splashes with each other’s technique, the black blood of Gduranis, and the red-black blood of Vanderou. Gudulanis releases a 刀ent air gun from the胸erce fist hit, the chest hat [the nose of the witch] to the sword that rotates at high speed.

Vanderou strengthens the reaction speed with [correct]. Unlocking the joints and stretching the arms to release the martial arts of the guol, which eliminates the poison of the deadly poison air gun.

As a result, I was slightly damaged from the top of [S  fighting], but I could directly shoot some  on Gduranis.

I think that the reaction to [H d Sensing: Death] is delayed because it is stronger than survival in ct.

(As calculated, it is not as much as it is, but it was so scary as I thought.)

"And I don't know the cause of non-human when I absorb the [片gment] of the previous one."

It is not that it will be something other than human being just a little away from human being. It does not change even if it absorbs Güdulanis, who claims to be dark, will change his 滾s to kill them and release them into magecraft.

"My body is screaming! "

It seems that the screaming of the bunchy, which tells the death, the magic that is deprived of life just by listening.

』

However, at the same time Vandalou released [Screaming] The sound wave gun of the skill shreds the scream of Gduranis. Even with voice volume, Gduranis is not enemies with his skill.

"Khahahaha! Can you afford it? Or do you feel it??"

It was Gudulanis, which was disabling the newly knitting magecraft, but it was not abusive, but a laugh.

“It’s impossible to defeat us when we were dealing with our techniques and disabling our braided techniques! But you continue to consume huge magic to fight us!”

That’s right. [Interior Punching Cannon] has already been chanting several times, so we use "God's Cane" to consume magic with momentum that we have never experienced before."

It was Vandaloo, but I didn’t remember the sense of crisis. If you are wondering, the magic power is consumed only, but at the same time, the magic power is recovered even now that it is said to be the effect of the [Magic power constant recovery] skill and [Magic power recovery speed rise] skill.

However, if you continue to attack [inter  breaking cannon], you will get the bottom, but there is no problem if you are fighting with [arm】] like this.

“It’s not enough to consume the magical power, is Gudulanis?”

It was because Gudulanis consumed magical power more than me.

"What do you say? This is our! Even if you see the bottom of this magical power that destroyed the Great God?"

“Now, you only need to leave the artificial spirits once? The number decreased due to ‘tae’ and ‘gnosys’.”

"I need to recreate the cracked handicrafts of the seeds,"

“If you want to create other artificial spirits instead? It’s like a malaccorder that’s still suppressing honey.”

In other words, Gudulanis fell on his face, hated and distorted with him.

"If my body and soul are in perfect condition ..."

I realized that it is a subtle because I created a man-made spirit using the "the brain of the magic" that I had hidden until then. Is the brain necessary to reduce consumption by eliminating waste in control and operation of magic?

Gudulanis revived, but the body and soul are incomplete, and the soul is absorbed and supplemented with the soul of the sixth way. Because of this, the amount of m ality and resilience are much lower than  .

At least, he should not be chased to the extent he hesitates to recreate a large force like a man-made spirit of rank 13 or higher.

It’s not just about growing. [Slasher Blades]

In other words, Van Dalou expressed the magic used by Gudulanis. However, one of the blades that appeared ... it was only a huge one with a diameter of 10 meters or more.

"Oya, subtle failure. However, it is better to do it separately.

“You are going to imitate yourself with the coarse art of such magical reliance – Uohoo!”

In the moment Vandalou released the blade, the huge blades were散d and scattered, and the countless pieces were attacked towards Gudulanis.

"Gooooo! [Switch Shield]! "

Even if there is a large amount of magic, snooping is one blade, and if you are devoted to avoiding it, the cuts of the blade crushed into the whole body of Gudulanis, as if it is thought to be a problem, stings the meat as a sprinkle. It was a bad thing.

At that time, Vanderou made a circle with both hands and put it in his mouth and was prepared.

】

At the moment, a directional sound wave attack penetrated Gudulanis.

“Gear Aaria!”

Because the sound of the screaming of death was not spread, it was suffered from the discomfort that I want to do my best to the pen tongue that the brain marrow is rotated directly.

"If you stop the movement to prevent the attack, it is meaningless even if you get a bit faster before." In the first place, shielded or other avant-garde was better than a scout job if you utilize the body of your previous. I was absorbed by Edgar, but my luck was bad.

“You, you, you imitate your magics... you can use the more powerful and higher techniques!? You should have no such talent!”

"... How many years do I have a magician? I have no talent, but I have more knowledge about the dead attribute magic.

Actually, the experience is about 30%, and the rest of the 70% were always pushed by the magical power, but I did not plan to explain it.

Let's name the first technique [術ing tragic bullet], the next one [。ing tragic].

That’s it. I’m talking about Gduranis and human technology and ingenuity, but don’t forget that I’m a human who fights with technology and ingenuity for strong existence?

“Who do you say that?”

Vandalu was nodded to Gudulanis who heard it in a supple manner. Ningro, will you say that you do not know what you are doing, but it is not a good thing. I don't know it.

Since I came to this world for more than a decade, I would like to redo my magecraft from Akako and learn about martial arts.

"And one's thought is different. You know. Is it counted as two pieces instead of one person?

[Flamming Claw], [Black Lightning Claw], [Flamming Claw]

Re。 the “five evil canes” on the back with a tactile hand, grant the princess of Levia, Kimberley and Olbia to the left and right 鉤 claws and tongue to fight against Gudulanis.

! ! ! !

"[Limit transcendence], [Limit transcendence transcendence], [Jintetsu rip], [螺ile tongue transcendence]"

With the reflective speed, Hungdulanis penetrates high-speed strikes with the left and right hand swords, and penetrates a large punch that utilizes power from the back.

Vandalou, on the other hand, releases advanced martial arts by [the 片fact of the King of Magic] to the left and right 鉤 claws, aiming for the head of Gudulanis with infinitely stretching tongue.

』

The tongue sharpened the side head of Gudulanis, but it was cut with a sword. The 鉤 claws on the left and right were cut by Gudulanis. The 球cy of the 球cy of the 球cy of the 球cy of the 球cy of the 球cy of the  cy of the  cy was cut. However, a new fist crushed the tip from the wrist.

』

And with the sound of pr。ing, the black blood from the heart of Gudulanis [the nose of the king] is erupted.

[Heat-fired flames death! ]

At that moment, the vision of Vanderou was wrapped in flame. Gudulanis developed an impromptu technique that boosted the力 power than [獄me prison death] and術loded fat.

And crying screamed like a cry.

『『『『『』』』』』

】

It was Vandaloo, a huge black sickle that was cut off from inside. A large-sickle formed a blade by converging the magical power of the dead attribute with the “five evil canes” of the Fidi Lug, is sprinkled towards Gudulanis.

幻

In contrast, Gudulanis launched the martial arts for the avoidance of the top while Edgar was able to use, and it seems to be received with a hand sword in the moment.

but it failed.

“Goooooooooooo!”

The two left and right gudulanis roared screaming vertically each of the arms that seem to be 鎌ed by a large sickle. Randolph watched it, while fighting the artificial spirit, he thinks "I did it!?"

"Oh, my arms!!"

However, Gudulanis created the arm of the King of the Magic, and made it tightly assembled on the left and right, and showed it.

“If you crush your soul, you’ve crushed your ugly soul!”

"If it was possible, I didn't use "S。 fighting" first. However, it seems that you could not crush your soul by myself.

Two people face again. Gudulanis scratches have already been played, but they were worn deeply. All Vandaru’sスキル against Gudulanis are equipped with [S -kuroi] and [God-kuroi] skills to ensure the magic of Gudulanis.

At the same time, Vandalou was consumed. In the act of improvisational knitting, the maintenance and restoration of armor were greatly exceeded the recovery pace of his magic. The armor of the soul becomes thin and disappears like haze.

“Khuhahahaha! Before fighting, it was hard to know the bottom of the deep sea, but the magic of yours is like a lake. There are so many, but the bottom is made directly. Can you say that there is a margin?

"Yes, I'm different from you.



“The serene and the Vidas are full of hands with our artificial spirit. Other people who come to help...

In response to Vandalou’s rescue request, the ghost of the spatial attribute,ーン De appeared behind him. Gudulanis, whose appearance, suddenly turn to the eyes, but immediately return to Vanderou if they do not feel the threat.

......In the midst of the fighting with Malaccauda, I noticedーン, a collection of spirits in the form of countless Martina, and there was an event that a lot of surprising gaps were created and a lot of twists were blown away, but it was a trivial thing for Vanderau.

"Is it a ghost? I'm licked!"

Is the body disconnected connected? Gudulanis attacked the sword towards Vanderou. I will ignoreーンs and start fighting Vandalou and kill them again.

"[transition gate] to the world in the body"

However, there was no軍 for Vandaloo. The countless daemons flew out from the [transition gate] that opened in the sky and jumped towards Gudulanis.

』

"Colosse"

"Hihahahaha! Gihahahahahaha!"

From the reddish daemon with the head of the goat, the top grader daemon and arc daemon. Demon’s magician, Demon Maye, Cloudémon with heads and wings, Flamed Flamed Demon, Demon General. Ensent arc daemon, comparable to the evil gods.

Vandaloo is working on a job called "Demon ruler" and the countless daemons full of one of the worlds in the body hit Gudulanis.

"Demon!? But how did you do this?"

However, even if the number is large, the ranks 5 and 6 and 7 daemons should not be the enemy of Gudulanis. Even if it is an enshrined arc daemon ofの 12, it is only a little bit strong for him.

In fact, every time Gudulanis shakes his swords, the daemons were destroyed and fell to the ground.

The blood and flakes of Vandalu, which had been left in the sky with the [group operation] skill, have been scattered until now.

“Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

At that moment, daemons revived. The lower body is born from the dead body without the lower body, and the upper body is born from the dead body which is not the upper body. The corpse of the five roses grows from each other.

“What’s it?? I don’t dominate daemons, but daemons.”

The daemons that come back again, even though they were surprised to see the eyes, release the 空気ent air gun and blow away. However, a new daemon was created from the scattered fl、. And again go to Gudulanis.

“As long as Vandalou exists, we are disappointed!”

“We die!”

"Sah, killing! How many times a demo! You'll be yours!

[Demon ruler] is not just a job to create even a job that dominates the daemon. It is a job that can create a daemon with its own body and magic. It is a job that represents the source of the daemon's manager, the creator.

In other words, it is a job to create a system that automatically performs reincarnation though only daemon.

“Kissamaaaa! Have you done this, and have you imitated this world’s ever-changing 業?”

Gudulanis, who mimics the system to revitalize the witch, is screaming, but Vandaloo doesn’t know what it’s.

』

Gdulanis, whose distance is packed with Vanderou, while sprinkling and kicking the number of daemons. However, Vandalu's affiliation was not the only daemons.

】

"【Best Sunlight Gun】"

I didn’t know Gudulanis because they were blocked by the daemons, but I was running from the ground.

"This is the legendary gudulanis ... It is a full-body nose!"

"It's not confわ by the appearance, busdia"

Gul's mother daughter who attacked himself with martial arts and magecraft, which triggered the variants, was reminiscent of Gul.

One of his arms was severed in half, and the other was burnt, but it quickly regrew.

``Do you guys, who can only do this much damage, think you can buy time? ”

"I can buy you some time. You will never die, but by repeating the attacks to the extent that you can get in the way!"

Basdia holds his ax and approaches Guduranis with the demons while speaking of the strategy instructed by Vandalieu's clone, which was brought down to his body by [Familiar].

``Smart imitation! ”

Guduranis had avoided many of Vandalieu's attacks and defended himself with [Danger Sense: Death], but he was not a human but a demon lord. Therefore, the vital points that humans should have do not exist. There are no organs necessary for life, and there is actually no problem even if all the blood is gone.

Therefore, he will not die if attacked by anyone other than Vandalieu, who can devour souls, even if it is an attack by Heinz, who wields the holy sword and brings down Bellwood, who had previously defeated him, on his body. In fact, even when it was broken about 100,000 years ago, Guduranis was only sealed, not dead.

Therefore, Guduranis cannot detect Basdia's attack with [Danger Sense: Death]. Of course, with Guduranis' own reflex speed and Edgar's skill, most attacks can be dealt with.

“[Grudge]”

“Gaaaaaaaaaah! Be clever all the way! ”

That's why Vandalieu continues to attack sporadically, weaving between the demons and Basdia. He throws knives and spears made from [Demon King's Horn] and [Bone], and sometimes emits mysterious rays. Guduranis felt a reaction of [Danger Sense: Death] to that attack, and his attention was diverted from Basdia and the others.

"Nuh! Are you falling behind?"

“Basdia, mix it too!”

“Wow! [True Dragon Slayer]! ”

“Duooooooo! ”

Moreover, Basdia and Zadiris aren't the only reinforcements. Godwin, Vigaro, Volks, and Bonito, who are capable of fighting against Guduranis to some extent, jumped up from the ground one after another using their own abilities and magic items.

Guduranis, who was exhausted from fighting Vandalieu, was unable to move as he wanted due to the numerous attacks that surpassed Edgar's skill, but were unable to inflict death on Guduranis.

Then, in the meantime, Vandalieu implements measures to accelerate the recovery of magical power.

"Boy, why don't you switch with Darcia right now? Well, it seems like you can't let go right now...or you could wait until Belmont comes..."

“If you don’t like Zadiris, then let’s do it.”

"...Yeah! It's just a boring thought! Hurry up and smoke it!"

Zadiris blushed, but he made up his mind and exposed his neck to Vandalieu.

"Okay, I'll have it."

Vandalieu stabbed the gray-brown skin of that thin neck with his tongue, which turned into a proboscis instead of fangs. The warm blood of Zadiris slowly flowed from the tube of Vandalieu's tongue into his throat...and the pace of recovery of his magical power suddenly increased.

The next episode will be posted on February 3rd.