Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short Story 57: Incomplete Utopia

I received another new review for my work! thank you!

Rokudou, who was buried under the collapsed wall, remained stunned even as he stood up.

"Idiot... I, who became a god... I'm not Amamiya or Hiroto Amamiya possessing my daughter, but just a brat...!?"

I was blown away with a single spell of magic and crashed into the wall. If it had been Hiroto Amamiya, whom he had always recognized as the greatest threat, or Hiroto Amamiya, whom he had only recently recognized, he would have been convinced.

``Did you realize that? This bald guy! Bald way! ”

However, the person who did that was Hiroshi Amemiya. He was Hiroto Amemiya's son.

As far as Rokudo knows, Hiroshi Amemiya is not special. According to his research, a reincarnated person's ability to cheat or luck is not inherited through blood. Other than that, physical qualities are inherited, but that's about it. There are many children in this world who are just as talented, just more likely to be talented than others.

Hiroshi Amemiya is no exception. Indeed, if he had ten more years, he might have become a fine warrior with abilities comparable to the members of the Bravers, except for his cheat ability. Rokudo could also become a vigilant investigator, scientist, or magician.

However, he should be just a boy now. Even if he stands out among children of the same age, for Rokudou, who has become ``Ark Avalon'', it should be within the margin of error.

"Why are you... Gaha! Argh!"

Rokudou coughed up blood and held his chest, which had been directly hit by Hiroshi's [magic bullet]. His ribs were broken and a bone punctured his lung. When he realized this, he was even more surprised.

(If it hadn't been for the barrier that was immediately put up, not only my ribs but also my heart and lungs might have been crushed! I became a god, why?!...I see, I understand.)

“Rokudo-san!?”

"Don't worry, Moriya. A wound like this will heal quickly."

Six Paths originally couldn't use life attributes, but now they can't use recovery magic of other attributes either. However, ``Ark Avalon'' was a body that was cultivated after anticipating that it would be unable to use recovery magic from the beginning and incorporating countermeasures.

The lungs and ribs are regenerating at an astonishing speed, although it's a little slower than Rokudou expected.

“Dad, are you okay? Are you hurt? ”

"Ah, it's okay, Hiroshi. Besides, that suit... is it the same suit as ours? Did he give it to you?"

“Yeah, it would have been nice to have something like my fathers, but Bander is specialized in defense.”

Amemiya was having a conversation with Hiroshi, who looked more like a villain than Rokudou. And I felt relieved.

"I see, if it's a suit that he described as specialized for defense, then it's fine."

“But isn’t it uncool? Banders have this misconception that having more eyes is definitely cooler.''

"That's not true, it's already decided. In recent comics and movies, characters who look bad but have a kind heart seem to be popular. It's the same thing."

“Dad, even if it looks bad, there is a limit.”

``I'm sorry to interrupt the conversation between parent and child, but do we have to pursue him now? ”

Bander appeared from the hole in the wall where Hiroshi had come out. There is truth behind it.

"Dad! I think my brother would look even better if he had a Nyoronyoro!"

And among the banders is Mei.

"Is that you? Thank you to Hiroshi for the suit. What about the victims who went to help and Ulrika and the others?"

``With Hiroshi's help, I created a safe zone. The evil mage's laboratory is nice, there's no shortage of supplies.''

There is no room in this facility that has full-scale protection against death-attribute magic, like the shock waves of death released by the Six Paths.

Therefore, they had Hiroshi wearing a transformation gear remove appropriate floors and walls, and Bander lavished the materials he collected from the laboratory and other places, and used [Alchemy] to imbue them with magic to create an improvised anti-death-attribute magic shelter.

``I left Ulrika behind just in case, and Gabrielle to calm her down. Even if Rokudou releases another shock wave of death, it won't be a problem.''

While answering that, Bander looked around at the battle situation and continued.

“Hiroshi, can you go help Bokor and Yukijorou?　His transformation brace is not as strong as yours.''

“Eh, it’s okay with me! ? "

"it's okay. I'll tell my parents.''

“I’ll tell you this from hell!”

“No, it’s right in front of me.”

Amemiya saw Hiroshi off with a bitter smile. Hiroshi's defense-specific transformation gear has excellent cold resistance, and he was able to block the attacks of Ymir, the cold artificial spirit created by Moriya, and was able to easily replace Bokor.

And Bander asked Hiroshi to do it because he cares about him. Although her appearance may be different from before, it would be less stressful for him if he were to deal with Ymir, who is a mass of artificial magical power, rather than continue to face the Rokudou, whom he once respected.

"Thank you"

``Besides, why not use the same magic that combined the life attribute and light attribute magic that you used when the Pentagon was enveloped by Pluto's death magic? If that's the case, it should be able to handle the death-attribute magic of the Six Paths.''

Bander asked, ignoring Amamiya's courtesy. If it uses magic based on the same principle as the anti-death magic used by Heinz in ``Blue Flame Sword'', it should be able to break the barrier of the Six Paths without any difficulty.

"Unfortunately, that's impossible. To use that, I have to converge the two attributes into one magic and concentrate on maintaining it. As a result, I can't do anything else.

At that time, there was no caster, so all I had to do was hit the floating, runaway magic, but...''

“Isn’t it impossible for an enemy to move around like Rokudou?”

"Even though I tried to learn it, I didn't have a chance to use it. Rokudou assigned the undead-related tasks to other members. Maybe he didn't like having his trump card in his hands."

As Mari said, after the ``Eighth Guidance'' was destroyed, the only death-attribute magic power was attached to previously created magic items, and there were no missions that Amemiya had to deal with, so there was almost no need to hone her skills.

Besides, with the exception of Pluto's out-of-control magical power, Amemiya didn't need to focus on that magic and improve his skills because it was enough to fight against limited death-attribute magicians using other attribute magic and weapons.

"Since I heard that there are remnants of the Eighth Guidance, I've done some training, so I can use it while moving a little, but it's difficult against the Six Paths. I'm sorry to disappoint you."

``If you wear that brace, you might be able to use it to some extent. I am confident in its performance as a magic medium.''

"Okay, then let's try it."

"Has the story settled down? In that case, I would like you to take over. I would like to talk with the world's first magician who mastered death-attribute magic, and the failure that contributed to the creation of this 'Ark Avalon'."

While Amemiya and the others were talking, Rokudou, who had regenerated his wounds, spoke to them.

“I have nothing to say.”

"Me too. It's unseemly to express grudges in front of children."

"I see, that's a shame. I wanted my predecessors to see my magic skills...like this!"

As if to show off, Rokudou released another shock wave of black death. However, Amemiya and his friends already know that it won't work, so they aren't upset.

However, as if in lieu of clicking his tongue, Bander slammed one of his legs on the floor.

This is because the burden on Vandalieu's soul, which is deployed outside, has increased. What's more, there are fighter planes from other bases flying around like flies outside, which only adds to the burden.

I want to go inside the facility to crush Rokudou's soul, but I can't do that again.

"What do you think? It's a technique that can be blocked by you outside, but it's quite a skill, isn't it? At least, it doesn't seem like it can be used against those failed attempts or you."

“…Well, it certainly can’t be used.”

"Ugh"

Mei looks at the proud Rokudou with an irritated gaze instead of Bander. His inner feelings are very easy to understand because she speaks for him.

And, as Rokudou said, ``Shockwave of Death'' was a technique that ``couldn't be used'' by Bandar or Vandalieu.

``Because I have a lot of magical power, I'm just not good at controlling it. Like you, I can't do something clever like exclude my subordinates from being targeted. If you use it, you could end up indiscriminately attacking in a range that even you can't grasp. That's why I can't use it.''

However, it can't be used as a means of attack... it's just not useful, so I just don't use it.

If Vandalieu were to do the same thing in the Lambda world, a shock wave of death containing over 10 billion magical powers would be emitted in all directions, and there is a high possibility that not only unrelated people but also his allies would be engulfed.

Even so, the shock wave of death is just a rough attack. For small fry, it was a wide-ranging indiscriminate attack that they couldn't escape from, but for powerful people like Vandalieu to be wary of, it was nothing more than a crude attack that spread a large amount of magical power thinly. They'll probably evade it in some way, whether it's by setting up a barrier, firing attack magic, or punching a hole in the shock wave to sneak through.

For example, Heinz and his friends might have been able to kill him before they entered the dungeon of trials, but Heinz and his friends today would have no chance of killing him.

It would be much more useful to fight using other directional techniques or [Demon King's Fragment] than to use such a crude technique with the premise of sacrificing your allies.

``Well, I don't think there's anything wrong with the way you use it. It's a clever but strategically correct choice as it can suppress my main body with a small amount of magical power.''

"...You'll tell me, right?"

Rokudou's pride was hurt by Bandar's criticism, but he only slightly distorted his face in an attempt to remain calm.

"No, I'm not as good as you, who put yourself on the shelf and called the truth a failure."

However, Bandar's next words caused a big crack in Rokudo's self-control.

"What does that mean? Am I trying to say that this 'Ark Avalon' is the same as that failed work!?"

If he had had the self-control he had before, when he hid his ambitions for more than ten years after his encounter with the ``undead'' and used both front and back, he probably wouldn't have shown his upset over something like this.

However, after reincarnating into ``Ark Avalon'' on his own and gaining power incomparable to what he had before, he not only suffered from changes in his body but also his mind.

He doesn't have the self-control he used to have now.

"You look like a child's puppet! That's fine! I'll kill Mei Amamiya, who controls you, erase you who cling to this world, and I will become the only death-attribute magician!"

"Not only are you calling Mari a failure, but you're also manipulating me...I'm so irritated that I feel murderous intent."

And Bander's self-control was on the verge of being shaken out.

Bander, who is part of Vandalieu, has the same personality as him. In other words, he has a personality that favors his relatives and is overprotective.

Regardless of whether it was something trivial or unimaginable, it was unbearable for him to hear insulting words come out of the mouth of someone who tormented truth like the Six Paths and aimed at Mei.

However, unlike Rokudou, who chants attack magic by exuding death-attribute magic power from his body, it did not become extremely high.

“Then, please tell me who your Rokudo partner is.”

"...Are you just going to provoke me and leave it to me? No, that's my intention from the beginning."

``I'll support Me-kun and Mari as well.''

“Daddy, do your best!”

Amemiya stepped forward to fight Rokudou again while being cheered by Mei, whose face and hand holding a walking stick appeared from Bander's chest.

"You are no longer a threat to me!"

While shouting that, Rokudou shoots an arrow of pale flame and unleashes a whip of pale flame. If you touch it, your body heat will be taken away and you will die.

"That's too arrogant!"

Amamiya responded to the blue-white flames with a barrage of water attribute magic. The blue-white flames of the Six Paths have no effect on cold arrows and spears that do not contain heat. However, before Amemiya's attack magic could reach Rokudou, he created a barrier around himself.

"I'm an 'undead'...I can use death-attribute magic even more than Hiroto Amamiya! I can use all the techniques he used!"

At the same time as Rokudou shouted, the [Demon Barrier] erased Amamiya's attack magic.

“Damn, [Life-radiant sword]!”

Amamiya clicked his tongue at the failure of his attack and created a blade that combined the light and life attributes. This is the magic he recently devised for the remnants of the Eighth Guidance.

Previously, it could only be fired from the hand, but now it can be kept in hand and used as a melee weapon.

(Perhaps because of this suit, it's much more stable than when I used the magic medium I was using before. Can I do it with this?)

Amamiya swings his sword to douse the pale flame and cut off the whip.

"I see! It seems like you haven't neglected your studies either! But it's arrogant to think that you can defeat me with magic!"

However, Rokudou created black lightning and crystals and continued to fire them at Amamiya. Every time he uses his [Life-Radiant Sword] to knock down those he cannot dodge, Amemiya's magical power is whittled away.

"The effect of that anti-death attribute magic is tremendous! But will you hold me back until I'm within reach?"

“Me-kun, it’s now.”

"Wake up!"

“Wow!?”

The floor beneath the victorious Rokudo suddenly disappeared. When Mei waved her stick, the spirit possessed the floor and turned into a golem, changing its shape.

"Ah, oh!? Oh, it's a pitfall!?"

The hole was deep enough for Rokudou's lower body to fit through, so he didn't fall and hit his body. However, without warning, the ground disappeared, causing his balance to collapse.

That was enough of an opening for Amemiya to approach.

“My kids are amazing.”

While saying that, he quickly thrust his sword towards Rokudou's head.

"Damn! Since when did you start having monsters tutor you at your house!?"

“Well, I don’t even know the exact details!”

Rokudou immediately put up the [Demon Barrier] like a shield to block the sword, but Amemiya's anti-death sword easily cuts through the barrier and can only be used as a blindfold.

Even in martial arts, Rokudou is on par with Amamiya, and now that his physical abilities have improved by becoming ``Ark Avalon'', he is slightly superior.

However, with the lower half of his body completely stuck in the hole and unable to move, he cannot continue wielding Amemiya's sword.

Although it was far from a fatal wound, Amemiya's sword carved many scars into Rokudou's body.

“Guuuuuuuu!”

Although the wound was much shallower than that caused by Hiroshi's [magic bullet], it inflicted sharp pain on Rokudou, and there was no sign of the blue-black blood flowing from the wound stopping.

Because he was trying to create a body suitable for using death-attribute magic, his body contained too much death-attribute magic. As a result, it became extremely vulnerable to attacks from the [Life-Radiant Sword].

“Rokudo-san!”

Moriya and his friends immediately try to rush in, but Derrick, who is dealing with each of them, tries to stop them from doing so.

"Damn, you're in the way!"

[Knight] Nabeshima tries to use his space attribute armor to distort Iwao's gun and magic attacks and shake them off.

“That’s mutual!”

However, Iwao releases a hammer of gravity that cannot be avoided even by twisting space, stopping the movement.

"The children are doing their best. I have no intention of showing them how pathetic they are!"

Narumi is able to safely block the giant bullets fired by Yazaki, the Issunboshi, with a wall created using magic.

"I haven't liked you for a long time...!"

In an attempt to break out of the situation, Yazaki created a small stone shotgun using earth magic and tried to surprise Narumi by enlarging it to a gigantic size just before it hit Narumi, but this was also read and was blocked by a wall of magic that she created again.

Nabeshima's [Knight] had a weakness depending on the attributes and characteristics of its armor, and if it was discovered, it would be weak. And Yazaki's [Issunboshi] can only enlarge objects. Therefore, no matter how big it is, it will be blocked by the same object.

Of course, even though these two have such weaknesses, they are among the strongest members of the [Bravers]. Even if he had weaknesses, he had the ability and experience to make up for them. However, the same is true for Iwao and Narumi.

And while Nabeshima and Yazaki have the support of death-attribute magic from the Six Paths, Iwao and Narumi also have transformation equipment given to them by Bandar.

And, due to the high performance of the transformation equipment, the battle situation was tilting towards the [Bravers].

"Damn! Are there only monsters in Amemiya's house!?"

The only person who appears to be free is the [Shaman] Moriya, but he is busy controlling the artificial spirits he created using his cheat ability.

Both Ifrit and Charon are unable to move due to Joseph and Yodou's good fight. As for Ymir, she is currently being unilaterally beaten by Hiroshi.

“This! This! This! ”

A brute-force attack with no skill, just swinging your arms. However, the person doing it is a boy wearing a giant monster-shaped metal suit.

Although it was supposed to be a defense specialist, the blow was incredibly fast and heavy. If this movement hadn't been wasted, Ymir would have already been shattered into pieces.

Moreover, in the meantime, Bokor was receiving treatment at Nanamori's [Aesculapius], and Yukijorou was already on his way to support Joseph, who was dealing with Ifrit.

If things continue like this, it will only be a matter of time before Moriya himself needs help, let alone Rokudou's rescue.

“I don’t have enough hands…!”

Moriya's frustrated groan expressed the weakness that Rokudou was made to suffer from.

　本来なら、六道の策が成った時点で【ブレイバーズ】は分断されて纏まった戦力を失うはずだったのだ。雨宮達を始末するのに失敗したとしても、それぞれの居場所は異なっており、六道達の協力者が牛耳る国際的な航空網を使わなければ、合流もままならない。

　だが、大型のバンをぶら下げて飛行するモンスターによって雨宮達は合流しチームを維持することができた。

　逆に、六道達は雨宮達を各個撃破するために派遣した【バロール】や【スレイプニール】、【アレス】、【アルテミス】、【倶生神】、そして起死回生の一手だった【コピー】まで返り討ちにされてしまった。

　そして使い捨ての戦力として使えるはずだった実験体も、裏切り者が出てしまいこの局面では使えない。アンデッドは、言うまでもないだろう。

　各個撃破を狙ったはずが、逆に各個撃破されてしまい、戦力が不足してしまったのだ。

　その事を『アークアバロン』に転生することに成功した六道は、全能感に酔ったことで、そして守屋達も生まれ変わった六道への崇拝によって、忘れ去ってしまったのだ。そもそも、自分達はどうしようもないほど追い詰められていたという事実を。

　だが、このまま六道も終わりはしない。

「私を舐めるなぁっ！」

　死属性魔術で酸性の霧を作り出したのだ。雨宮は刺激臭を警戒して反射的に距離を取り、その間に六道は自身の脳のリミッターを外し、限界以上の身体能力を発揮して落とし穴から跳ねるようにして脱出した。

「無生物を操作する……アンデッド化させる魔術か。それぐらい、使い方の見当はついている！」

　『アンデッド』が行っていた、無生物のアンデッド化。それを真理は死属性魔術師の『ブラックマリア』となった後も、使うことはできなかった。

　六道はそれを真理自身の技術力の欠如、もしくは失敗作であることが原因だと考えていた。

　だから、『アークアバロン』となった今の自分なら、使うことができるはずだと確信していた。

「目覚めよっ！　そして私に従え！」

　六道の声に応えて、ゴーレムと化した床と天井が雨宮とその後ろでこちらを見ているバンダー達を襲う……ことはなかった。

「な、なにっ！？　なぜ動かない！？」

　床や天井はゴーレムになることはなく、ピクリとも動かなかった。

「めー、君」

「うん。目覚めて、そして私に従っちゃえ？」

　だが、促された冥がステッキを振るった次の瞬間、驚愕のあまり動きを止めた六道の周りの床から無数の手が生えて彼の脚をつかんだ。

「っ！？　ぐごあっ！」

　そして、天井がハンマーのように六道の頭部を打ち付けた。そのまま続けて叩き潰そうとする天井から、六道は脚をつかみ続ける変形した床の手を強引に砕いて逃げ出す。

「何故だ、あの子供にできて何故私には、完璧な私にはできない！？」

　実際に受けたダメージ以上に大きな衝撃を精神に受けた六道が、狼狽のあまり喚き散らす。その彼を冥は不思議そうに見つめた。

「なんでみんながおじさんの言うことを聞いてくれると思うの？　みんな、おじさんが大嫌いだって言ってるのに」

　冥の周囲には、六道が使い捨ててきた実験体の霊や、つい先ほど殺した協力者の霊、そして捨て石にした警備の兵士達の霊が集まり、笑っていた。

　彼女の役に立てることを喜び、彼女の敵である六道の無様な様子を嘲笑っている。だが、六道の目にその笑顔は見えず、声は耳に届かない。

「何故だ！　なぜ霊を支配できない！？　今の私は『アンデッド』に匹敵する魔力と、上回る制御力を持っているというのに！」

　なぜなら、彼は死者の霊を認識できるだけだからだ。

　その霊が何を思い、何を訴えているのか、そもそも誰の霊なのかも分からない。わかるのは、霊の位置と数だけだ。

　それは彼の肉体や魔術の腕に問題があるからではない。彼が死者の霊を区別する存在として認識せず、また死者の霊も彼に認識されたいと思っていないだけだ。

　ステータスシステムが存在する『ラムダ』風に評するなら、『アークアバロン』となった六道は真理と同様に【死属性魅了】を持っていないのである。

　そして、六道はそれに気が付かないまま『アークアバロン』に転生して死属性魔術を使っている。

「何故私には従わない！？　まだ不完全だというのか！？　この私が、この『アークアバロン』が！？」

　だから、今の今まで自分が不完全だとは夢にも思わなかったのだ。

「どうやら、ボロが出てきたようだな！」

　動揺を露にして喚き散らす六道に、容赦なく雨宮が剣を振るう。六道はとっさにそれを結界で防ごうとするが、無駄なことだ。

　【命輝剣】が結界ごと六道の頬をかすめて耳を削ぐ。

「うぐああああっ！」

　とっさに首を逸らして頭を守るだけで精いっぱいだった。以前の六道なら、こんなことにはならなかった。明らかに相性が悪い属性の魔術ではなく、他の属性の魔術を使って回避し、体勢を立て直す。

　光と生命以外の全て（オリジンに存在しない時属性を除く）の属性の適性を持つ彼は、巧みに術を使い分けていた。

　だが、今は死属性だけしかない。絶大な魔力と他の属性にない特殊性を手に入れた代わりに、他の属性の適性を失ってしまった。そのため以前の彼にあった応用力が、予期せぬ事態に対応する手段が失われてしまったのだ。

「よくも、この私の体に傷を……！　くらえっ！」

　六道は再び魔術で作り出した毒を煙状にして散布し、雨宮から距離を取ろうとする。

「くっ！」

　雨宮は舌打ちしながらも、毒煙を避けるために距離を取るしかない。彼の変身装具を作ったのはヴァンダルーであるため、死属性の魔術はある程度防いでくれる。しかし、魔術で創った毒に対する備えは十分ではなかったのだ。

　『ラムダ』なら耐性スキルで対応できるため、装具自体の対毒性を高めるための技術がおざなりになってしまったのだ。

「めー、君」

「はーい、みんな起きてね！」

　その隙を補うべく冥が三度床をゴーレムにするが、六道は落ちる前に素早く床を蹴って飛びのく。

「何度も同じ手を……っ！？」

　憎々しげに冥と彼女に憑いている化け物を睨んだ瞬間、六道は気が付いた。目の前に迫る雨宮と、冥によって突き付けられた自分の不完全さに気を取られていたが、真理がいつの間にか姿を消していることに。

　そして同時に気が付いた。自分のすぐ近くの空間に何者かが、【メタモル】で体表を壁や床と同じ色に変化させた真理が潜んでいることに。

「そこだ！」

　死の衝撃波をそのまま手に留め、さらに【殺傷力強化】を付与した拳を、隠れ潜んで隙を狙っていただろう真理に叩きつけようとする。

　この拳を受ければ生命力を急激に失い、いかに重要器官を【メタモル】で複製できる真理でも致命傷は免れない。

『ええ、ここです』

　しかし、拳を受けたのは真理ではなく、【魔王の墨袋】から出した墨で体の色を変化させたバンダーだった。

「っ！？」

『では、お返しです』

　四本の手に生えた鉤爪を、六道の肩と手の甲に突き刺す。同時に、節足のうち一対を使って六道の足の甲を貫いて床に縫い止める。

「――――っ！？」

　六道が激痛のあまり声にならない絶叫をあげると同時に、【メタモル】でバンダーに化けていた真理は元の姿に戻った。その腕には冥と、赤黒い宝珠が抱かれている。

「ぷっはぁ！　きつかったぁ……呼吸はしにくいし姿勢を保つだけで背筋は痛くなるし……でたらめな構造しすぎよ。ねぇ、ママ？」

「でも、ニョロニョロいっぱいだよ？　お目めも多いし」

　真理がバンダーに化けて入れ替わったのは、六道が「化け物は冥から離れないだろう」と思い込んでいると予想し、それを利用してバンダーが攻撃を仕掛けるための作戦だった。

　そのため冥と彼女に【魔力譲渡】を行うための【魔王の宝珠】を残してバンダーは真理と入れ替わり、数十メートル程離れた六道に忍び寄ったのだ。

　これも、六道に霊を魅了する力があれば霊達からの警告によって容易く見抜けた作戦だった。

　だが、こうなっては六道に先はないと雨宮は、そしてバンダーも思った。

　鋼鉄を飴細工のように引きちぎれるバンダーの手から逃れることは不可能であり、助けに入る部下達ももういない。鍋島は魔力が切れたところをボコールの能力によって癌細胞を急激に増殖されて倒れ、矢崎もイフリートを消したユキジョロウの手によって全身に重度の凍傷を負っている。

　そして守屋は全ての人工精霊を倒され、魔力を失い床にへたり込んでいた。

　三人とも生きているが、とても動くことはできない。

　バンダーもこのまま六道の魂に恐怖を刻み込んでから殺すか、死の衝撃波を打ち消すのに忙しい本体に直接渡して魂を砕けば、戦いは終わりだと思っていた。

　だから、油断がなかったかと問われたら、首を横に振るしかない。

「こんなところで、私は終わらない。まだ……まだだぁぁぁぁ！」

　六道からそれまでよりも一層激しく死属性の魔力が迸ったかと思うと、彼は両肩から先と膝から下を引きちぎり、バンダーの腕の中から脱出した！

申し訳ありませんが、次話も予定より一日遅れた、５月１６日中に投稿させていただきます。