Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: fty episodes A ning In ct

Vanderlus shortened the time to converge the magical force, and released the fast-moving type [inter  breakdown]. Before the attack that took time to move at the力を  of power, the targeted six-way and the honey took the same action.

To quickly knead the magic, and to develop the magic to prevent [inter  breakdown]. And Heinz also chanted magic.

】

However, it was a magic to strengthen the movement speed rather than the defense. When Vandaloo tried to attack the sixth time of his own, Heinz was fighting in preparation to be able to immediately chanting [shining].

】

It is a six-way rather than Vandaloo. The magic for defense ended, but it is difficult to stop [inter  breaking cannon] when the power is down a few steps.

』

I would like to squeez the magical power and prevent the strong black magic power. However, the shield of the six-way magical power seems to be penetrated now.

(However, you can avoid fatal wounds! If you do not die, you can play the body made of this [the 片fact of the Devil] immediately! ......?)

What is it? There was a movement to Vandaloo, which released a quick shot type [inter。 punching vandaloo] with one hand, before the sixth road I thought.

"[Inter】ate Punch]"

The other hand left a new [inter  breakdown]. However, it is not towards the sixth road. There are no honeys, and it is towards a strange direction.

What's going on?

』

He was conf  with his colleagues, but he understood what he is going to do, and he ran cold throughout his body.

[Transition gate]

In front of the [inter  perishable gun] released toward the unexpected direction, Gwhadghan opened [transition gate]. Then, the exit of the sixth road appears.

"[Sucking Magic Shield]! I'm still shooting at the same time, I'm Ah!!"

The next moment the sixth road developed the second defense magic after the back, the [inter  extinction cannon] rushed.

“If you miss one way, let’s reliably slaughter the target of the person who was caught.

Vandaloo first released a fast-射ing [inter - ing cannon] to stop the movement of six-way and honey. This life puts the magical power of the second. Change the trajectory with the [transition gate] of Gphadoghan, and apply it from the back of the target to stop the movement, and hit it.

In this case, you can defeat the targets that can be withstand even if it is one.

Heinz escaped, but it doesn’t matter. Heinz does not attack Vandalou to protect the sixth way and does not try to attack the people of Orbaum.

After defeating the sixth time in a situation, it is difficult for the S-class adventurer to draw the quintessential wings, so you can escape from there.

“I did it!”

“I’m still!”

As far as I see, it seems that it is not going to be. If he does not see his own eyes, he will not be able to leave.

(Isn’t you able to attack me while you’re attacking six times?)

However, Vandaloo is also very burdensome to trigger the [inter  breakdown]. If you didn’t have a five-way cane, your arms were crushed and scattered on the ground. ...... Even if it is, there is only an increase in the use wizard to retire the wizard on the ground.

"Wow!? Well, it's idle crumble! "

On the other hand, the sixth road was highly resistant to extinction. In his body, the suspicious rays of the monastery that the monastery is released from the office of the Terkatanis. The six-way 眼s the hatred eye to the canako that exchanges the [the eyeball of the Devil's Eye] that the [the light emitter of the Devil's Light] required to release the light.

"I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

However, I could not afford to turn my eyes right away. The sixth road was hidden as one of the 札ders, and the right arm of the King and the left arm were launched. The right thumbs of the king and the left wrists of the king were integrated into each of them.

Its strength and hardness, and the anti-magnetic defense force is not negotiable. Let's use it to suppress [inter。 breaking cannon], but ... [the right arm of the Devil] and [the left arm] start to tear in the black magic flow.

(Dep ! [Demon King's Right Arm] and [Left Arm] should be able to withstand the martial arts made by Oriharucon, according to my calculation!

......

The sixth road is a must-have and search for a batter while 力をouraging the magical power of the revival of the [Making arm] to be damaged.

(different! Vanderlus is not beyond Gudulanis! I have not pulled out the performance of the body of Gudulanis!)

Gudulanis, who had the power of slaughtering the “Dragon God” Malduks, and he was proud of the power that he was able to win alone in the Bradwood.

Vandalou is strong. Not specified. However, simple combat skills are not more than Gudulanis. If you are over, you shouldn’t be str。ling to the other.

Is it possible? It was because the sixth road was not as strong as the King Gudulanis.

( !??) This I have a missing piece of the soul of the Genius Gudulanis, and I have continued training for a few months. Isn’t I used this body?

It is not only the body! There is also a missing piece of the soul of the magical king Gudulanis! How can I be 並ぶ over Gudulanis?)

In this way, the body is crushed and destroyed by the soul. Survival in cts are screaming due to fear and crisis, and the rationality seems to be burned out.

』

At that moment, it was moist. That's right. [It's not possible to demonstrate power because it is pushed by rationality].

[In能ct] and [memory]! There is no ability to exert your power in a state of sensitivity! [To win Vandalu, you only need to open the in能ct!] [It is okay, I can keep my ego in that state!]

At the moment I thought about it, I was able to force the whole body of the sixth road.

』

Then, I revived the [sucking shield] that was disappeared instantaneously, and I left the [inter。 breaking vandal] just before and after a moment.

"The atmosphere has changed."

Vandaloo stops the magic and said to play the bones of the broken arms with the bones of the King.

“I can’t understand it? Experience is not only people, but also God grows.” It was a crisis that I realized. [You can win this battle by taking advantage of the in、ct!]

More than ever before, Rokudo was laughing while giving away a sense of 震or to the presence of the surroundings just by being there.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. Survival in cts...... in cts and fighting in cts. So, why did you think [in能ct to suppress with rationality]? [If you hear the whisper of the in、ct, you can use the memory of the Devil as your own experience]

"Go! First of all, you! "

The six-way that followed the intrinsic whisper is not the “five-colored blades” of Vandalu, but the Heinz. It is a suspicious use witch king and canako that emits a suspicious light from the castle.

"I'm sorry,"

Condensed sebum secreted from the sebaceous gland in the hands, and fired to the flame and released to the canako. It is a dead attribute magic that imitates Vanderou's [Prince Death].

I try to kill the Kanako and the Genius, without considering the possibility of adding the Terkatanis dandruff that might be still in the office.

Vandalou ignores the flame rip, and repeats the attack with [death bullet] and [false bullet] on the sixth road.

“Wow!? Don’t help you?”

In the next moment when the Heinz was amazed, [Figure Jail] lives in the office of Terkatanis, the castle of the Elect.炎lode with red black flame.

"The Castle"

However, there is no upper half of the brain in the smoke, and the canako caught in the saddle, flying the sky and laying it next to Vanderou.

“Do you come back to Terkatanis?”

"I'm living." I've collectedーンs, so now I'm in a safe place. However, thanks to me, I'm just a shimurai.

So, as if there were no things, the two people who talked about, the sixth way is to speak with their arms.

It seems that you are doing it. No, should you say that you are doing something good? It is used to mutate the body and spirit in return to support activities.

Even if you are backing up the village, you will not be able to make a vandaloo 駒. You can only use it for someone.

“Is it more vant, a little more performance? It’s a great opportunity to appeal to the vida faith and the vida’s new tribes and undead potential.

By the way, the arm is obesely obese, the whole man says something."

The face of the six-way, which is ignored the word of the王, and "the nose of the magic king" is expressed on the back of both limbs and chest, is distorted easily and cautiously.

“Kissama Aaa!”

Then, the entire right arm is transformed like the nose of the elephant, and it releases the poison air gun that has been more powerful than before.

"Hey! It's dirty!"

Before reaching to Kanako, Gwhadghan decided to return the [transition gate] to the sixth way.

......

However, when the poison air gun tries to move around the [transition gate], the magic of [transition gate] was scraped and disappeared.

“I’m going to go because I’ve done the role”

And, the King used to pass the canako to Vanderou, and he was 進ped into the poison air gun, and it was crushed.

"Oh, I'm a brain!

"No, I'm my."

“But I still have a lot of eyeballs for replacement in my bag!”

Let’s use it effectively. Gwhadghan, [transition gate] disappeared?

“Obviously...”

Even while Vandaloos talked, the sixth trajectory released the trajectory air gun again from the nose of the elephant. But whether the Heinz had seen a gap, or was destroyed by attacking the Choo-jo Castle, the sense of crisis increased, and the sixth way again attacked.

"[Your descendants]! Everyone should descend the spirit!"

“Let’s do it!”

Gwhadghan said the guess at the time he did.

It is believed that the magecraft of the same nature as "[suction magical world]" and the [suction magical shield] developed by the person is served in the nose. ......If you touch my magic, you will need a good magical power. I'm sorry."

"No, I'm sorry." From now on, the配 of the sixth road has changed greatly. If you look at it... your appetite is stimulating and you won’t be able to stand.

Hate, fearless, irritating, thir , 臓 ing, frying, greedy!

I started to learn such a desire suddenly.

“Is it?”

"Maybe there is no difference between the in、cts that people said!"

From a five-way cane that is 震  with the gutagata, the Fidi Lug was dissolved.

“I feel that I was approached by Gudulanis from that time. Perhaps some of the souls of Gudulanis embedded in him were in ct.”

“Oh, it’s more dangerous.”

“I’m promised to 、 up with new power, but what’s it?”

While Vandaloos seemed to look at their mouth, Rokudo continued to fight with Heinz. Heinz has not yet fallen bellwood in order to survive its power. In addition, as all the members were using [Either Spirit descending], it was not possible to easily kick out the state that [Mao supreme] was completely opened.

Vandalou is also known as a ge  to [disinfection] the poison air gun that six roads release.

"Well, magic! What's happening, [w  is the enemy of humans! I'm fighting! kill! Break! ]"

And I screamed a very simple command, keeping it irritated. A little ago, I was just a shout. However, the sixth way of the present is to express the spirit of the creator who created the magic in this world.

[And I'm going to join! ]

The roar of the monsters stimulated the in。ct, and the movement of the monsters became more active.

At that time, people were forced to rescue Silky Zaccart Mansions, evacuated water, rescued Sam, and evacuated underneath the villa of the Duchess of Alcム.

“I’ll be evacuated in the moment we are defeating the magic that we had come to use by accident!”

“I’ll forget about politics, and think about how to survive! It’s good for the Duchess of Saulon!

The Knights of the Duke of Alcrem, who slaughtered Lita and Saria, who slaughtered the monsters next time.

“I understand my feelings, but what will I do if I really come to Saulon?”

The reason why Elizabeth and his mother’s Amelia relationship are the most important, but the original Vanderouts are hard to say that it is a good relationship with the Duke of Saulon. So, when I checked the thing, Lita and Saria answered it.

It is okay. Vidal, who is ambassadors, is abducted by his father, including the family and the people of the user.

"It is an example of something that can be done by the Duchess of Saulon."

Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post. It will be used later. If you’re wondering, they don’t forget about political things.

“Well, you can’t afford to 情pathize with them?” I don’t have to support you.”

A young knight was fighting in the place where the choir led the subordinate and headed to the護. He wanted to shake the magical sword wrapped in flame, not as much as Lita and Saria, but he helped people evacuate by good fight against the magical opponent.

"Oh, my daughter, now!"

Thank you. What is your name?

“I’m just one of the knights who serve Arkurem’s Duchess!”

It is a young knight who still leaves the面dow of a boy, but it is a sword handling that seems to have been talking in the mouth of the elderly.

“It’s like a live-action of the Knight Bravatille of the roaring flame of the Alcム Five Knights!”

"I heard him as a hidden child, but I seemed to see him with a colored eyeglass."

“Let’s go! Don’t help Bravatille Junior!”

Bravatille Junior Bravatille is the owner of Bravatille, who died in the former S a deprivation strategy.

"Nおo Oh! It's a messy wow!"

He screams because he tries to scrape the voices of the Knights.

ダed from the noble city and commercial districts, Ludalio of the Tozan Shishisho was evacuated people to the underground theater at the inn owned by the Duchess of Jahan.

“It’s time to reconstruct Orbaum, Ludalio”

“What is worrying about reconstruction from now on?”

Hadroth stood at the head of evacuation guidance. He is not strong enough to fight witch, but he is strong enough to survive even in the current situation if there is a escort. And he was able to evacuate people at the beginning of the evacuation guidance.

However, the damage is spreading due to the magic that emerges from beyond the countless gates. Until then, the magicians came out of the gate, and they moved by their own judgment. There was a gap between several seconds and tens of seconds, such as checking the surrounding situation and encountering the magic that appeared from another gate.

However, by the six-way instruction, the magicians began to attack discri。 against the objects that appear around them from the moment they come out of the gate.

Human damage is minimized by Vanderouts, but the damage of buildings and other buildings is only large.

The stone pavement is broken down, and the structure is crushed into the magical giant and collapsed, and the flow bullet is hitting and炎 flames.

“Duke of Jahan! Is the shelter safe?”

At that time, a group of adventurers asked. Hadroth answered the question of sinners and the girl they are defending.

“This evacuation shelter is safe by the name and faith of the Duchess of Jahan!”

"Thank you very much, under the cabinet." About McSem and Sele 

The adventurer's team is the A-class adventurer's party. And the girl who is defending was dampire sele。.

"Renblanc's grandfather ... I do my best. Come back!

“Oh, let’s leave!”

When I left the sele。 to my fellow magician who used the magical power until I reached here, the seleブラン came to fight again to protect people from the magic.

“I’m so good?”

If you come to evacuation, you are asked to accept it. And they are the A-class adventurers. If possible, the “five-colored blade” that brought them to Orbaum was also encouraged by evacuation and evacuation.

“Is it a friend’s opinion?”

“My opinion”

That was where the Rembrandt joined the battle before the eyes of the main subject.

"It's roaring swords!"

"[Ex e Proposal]! I'll be defeated while I'm attracting!"

It was a six-person adventurer who was fighting with the magic that came out from the gate near the shelter. In the young age of a leader’s shield, the shield of the swordsman and the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the shield of the swordsman and the shield of the shield of the swordsman and the shield of the shield of the swordsman and the shield of the swordsman.

However, the arm was only seen from the eyes of Rembrandt. The shielded young man receives the kick of the Fire Giant with a shield, and the swordsman and the swordsman cut the knee of the Fire Giant into the gap, and then sprinkle the neck in the fall.

The women's shield is used to fight both arms and  using the shield of both hands as a dull. The women's warrior scissors the heads of Minotaulos, and the adolescents of the scissors disappear like a magical, and they are pushing the 所 from behind the witch.

Rembrandt entered the sword and the magic was defeated.

"It might not be necessary to have a sword."

"No, I've defeated it quickly. You can defeat other monsters and take a break.

That said, the youth included the point that was taken out of the nostalgia. The color of the potion looks red black, and the rembrand seems strange, but I was more concerned about it.

"I want to hear the name." I just came out from the Duchess of Fゾン, and I don’t know your name.”

It was not the name of the youth. It seems that it is unnatural that the name of the talented person does not enter the ear because it is from the battle of the toe who has the ability to have more than each other.

“Oh, actually, we’re just coming to Orbaum today! I’m a cashme, a sword sword スターer, and a scout geno, and Kathia, Gaol, and Gerda.”

。 After that, whether the チ and gaurd are obedient? The collar seems to be in the collar, but it seems to be not the tailor of the バld of Orbaum?

“Oh, it was the place to go to Taymarルドld! That’s because it’s a noisy, so it’s not just a ルドld review!”

“I’m not sure, because it’s a magical thing in the city! But I’m sure that the ルドlds will look great! That’s right?”

It was a rembrand that remembered unnaturalness in the words of cashme and スターter, but in this situation, I was convinced that the feeling of discomfort is trivial, and I was nodded that it was.

“Where is it okay? It looks like the face is bad...”

"It's okay, it's just a little tired. So we go to defeat the magic that comes out from the other gates, so can we leave it? Let’s meet each other

Zeno cuts the story and leaves the rembrands.

This is because it becomes a slight thing that is mutating to the human species or that the gelda is a z e, and it becomes impossible to work as a person who was asked by Vanderou.

“But if you say, “T ’s a roaring sword fight”, you’re a B-class adventurer party? You’ve gotten stronger when you’re called to it!”

“Fester” is a long time ago. They became A class while they were in the mountains.

“I’m sorry...”

"Oh, I don't know the world of embosser, but no one seems to him, too."

"Kashim is a variant of the splendid human species, so it is easy for me to misunderstand the z、e."

So, Kashim who has not yet registered as an adventurer was headed to the next battlefield.

――――――――――――――――――――

Name:Kashm

Species: Plu  (variant from human species)

Age: 21

Two Names: [Mother of the Great Devil] (NEW!)

Job : Monster

Level: 98

Job history: Apprentice Warrior Warrior Heavy Warrior Guard Warrior Super Heavy Warrior shishield shield shield shield shield shield

・Passive skills

HP: 10Lv(UP!)

Life Power: 10Lv(UP!)

Darkness

Pain Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Conditional aberration: 5Lv (integrated with pathotoxicity!)

Metal armor armor equipped to strengthen the protection force (UP!)

shield equipment when protection power is increased: large (A ning from strengthening protection power when shield equipment)

Lv(UP!)

Intuition:1Lv(NEW!)

Strengthening Lv(NEW!)

Ability Enhancement: Guide: 5 (NEW!)

Strength Lv(NEW!)

High-Speed )Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Agriculture:1Lv

Lv10(UP!)

Acute shield: 1Lv (A ning from shields!)

Armor: 1Lv

Limit transcendent Lv (A ning from limit break!)

Magic Shield Limit Transcensorship Lv

Fighters Lv(UP!)

Link:6Lv(NEW!)

Magic Armor LimitsLvLv(NEW!)

5Lv(NEW!)

Housekeeping:1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vandaloo's protection (NEW!)

Farmown Protection (NEW!)

Name:Zeno

Species: Plu  (variant from human species)

Age: 21

Two Names: [Mother of the Great Devil] (NEW!)

Job:Death Sword

Level:94

Job history: Apprentice Voyeur Voyeur Assassin Explorer Squeeze Assassin Tracker Voyeur

・Passive skills

Ultra-sensitive LvLv (A ning from sensitivity!)

Intuition:10Lv(UP!)

Darkness

Conditional abnormality: 5LV (integrated with pathogenic resistance!)

Squeeze attack power when equipped with short swords: A ning after the attack force is strengthened when equipped with short swords!

Non-metal armor equipped with agility enhancement:Medium (NEW!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 7Lv(NEW!)

Strength:1Lv(NEW!)

High speed playback:1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Squadron術Lv (A ning from Squadron!)

Bow: 6Lv(UP!)

Trap:10Lv(UP!)

A ning: 5Lv

Dismantling:7Lv(UP!)

Locking:10Lv(UP!)

Throw:7Lv(UP!)

Armorship:10Lv(UP!)

Assassin: 10Lv(UP!)

Limit transcendent Lv (A ning from limit break!)

Magic Sword Limit: 5Lv(NEW!)

Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vandaloo's protection (NEW!)

Farmown Protection (NEW!)

Name:Faster

Species: Plu  (variant from human species)

Age: 21

Two Names: [Mother of the Great Devil] (NEW!)

Job: Plu  Sword

Level 

Job history: Apprentice Warrior Warrior Swordman Swordman Swordman Swordman

・Passive skills

Strength:5Lv(UP!)

Darkness

Sword Attack Force Enhancement: Great (A ning from Sword Attack!)

Metal armor armor equipped with protection force: Super large (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead: 5Lv(NEW!)

Conditional Aberration Resistance:1Lv(NEW!)

High-Speed )Lv(NEW!)

Recovery: 1Lv(NEW!)

Intuition:1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Fishing:1Lv

Prison SwordsmanshipLvLv

Dismantling: 5Lv(UP!)

Armor Lv(UP!)

Limit transcendence: 1Lv (A ning from the limit break!)

Magic Sword Limit Transcensorship: 4Lv

術Lv

Magic Control Lv(UP!)

Dirt Attribute Magic: 4Lv (UP!)

Link:6Lv(NEW!)

Housekeeping:1Lv(NEW!)

5Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vandaloo's protection (NEW!)

Farmown Protection (NEW!)

Next story will be posted on December 19th.