Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 375: When the mountains literally move

Vandalou prepared several responses to the Duchess of Saulon. However, the reason for determining it is that Elizabeth wishes or does not want the Duke of Saulon.

What you want is that Elizabeth wants to protect the Duchess of Saulon, and wants to be safe. If you don’t want it, you’re indifferent to what you want.

Even if you don’t want it, Vandaloo doesn’t guide you to extinguish or destroy the Duchess of Saulon. Comment Since Vandalou is a vida believer who cares about love, it is not to step in deliberately s ing people.

After completely isolating the former SCULA Autonomous Region, it would have been just to guide people by wandering around the canakos’ live activities, Dalcia visits, and Vandalu himself.公 the other Duchess, the Duchess of Saulon ignores the circumstances of bordering the Milg shield country, the country of Amid.

After that, there is no normal response even if the army of the Amid Sacred States attacked from the Milg shield country. If you request assistance from the Kingdom of Orbaum, you move as an Alliance. Let’s help with supplies as much as ordinary allies and arrange 軍s through the adventurer ルドld. That’s it.

Disp。 of kunochen as a fort。 for movement, and there are no sams in the transportation of goods such as boks and vigaro ramps on the front line.

Of course, we will try our guided people and we will also help to regain the territory occupied by Amid. But at that time, the government of the Baron devastated.

Vandaloo has not felt value to the elder Saulon who squeezed the iris resistance of the Knight of Release. For him who is obeying Guphadoghan, Kuwatoro and Sam, who can open the gate, Amidst the Holy Land ... "Horaijin" Alda and his dinosaur, Heinz, is not necessary.

Some associates are from the Duke of Kashim and Saulon, but their hometown is not destroyed when the Amid empire is attacked.

The hometown of Iris and Resistance is not included in the Duchess of Saulon.

Nevertheless, I didn’t feel worth killing Ludel Saulon. I didn’t know why to kill it.

In addition, Iris and Elizabeth did not want the death of Ludel, but I didn’t need him, I felt something different.

Even if he defeated the Duke of Saulon, he may not be able to attack the Vidal Empire, which is separated by the boundary. However, because there are many Vida believers, it might have been attacked after all if Vandaloo might break off the fight for rescue.

Dalcia did not object to this idea. It is because the trust of Vanderou that the soldiers of the Amid。 would stop after all if they start slaughtering against the general public, and even if the Amid。 powers to attack the Duchess of Saulon, the war should end immediately.

At the same time, it means that if the general person is not slaughtered, a little blood flows, and even if it is war, it is not possible to be a short period.

Vandalou did not teach Elizabeth to Gilli. It was to avoid the useless effect of the judgement of Elizabeth is important to her, but hence the judgement was to avoid the useless effect from the extra person.

As Vandalou, it is not known that there is a life in Elizabeth. She does not feel that she should be a dukes. However, I don’t think that it is the best to live peacefully.

I just want to live as I want. It’s useful for Macheria, Zona, and Macto, Uzef and Torus.

However, Elizabeth actually chose to become a dukes. Even after the graduation ceremony was finished, I had a weak sound saying “I don’t want to graduate”, but I had chosen to become the Duke of Saulon.

I didn’t say “I don’t want to be a duct” to the evidence.......aking of it, Vandaloo is what you can do... It is that you know that it is possible to wash the ludel and make it a puppet.

That’s why Vandaloo stood out in the place to push her.

And Vanderou is now in the castle of the Duchess of Saulon. This time, because there is an important story, I took a じomenal appointment in the government for the friendship country, and took a few subordinates and occupying the meeting room of the castle, and restrained to escape the L'del and its side.

"If there is a slight reconcilり in the Amid Holy Land or its home country, please call back soon."

“What is sudden?”

“Let’s wait!”

Both hands are free, but the rudel who can not escape the foot ring was devised by the request and feared.

"In the first place, I should descend from the Duke!"

“We are looking forward to seeing Elizabeth as a writer.” What do you do?

"We will serve you as you live!"

“I’m alive!”

!」

Undeaded when disconnected. Intuition, Ludel showed his intention to re就職 and serve as a就職. In addition, Elizabeth plans to dispatch undeaded writers that are not bound by them naturally. Now, I changed the face completely, and the undead that was in the predecessor.

“We are dispatching 偵、s, but when we return all of them, we can see the false identity and information network that they built. It is possible that it is a worker, and life can be dangerous......

Aristocrat in charge of intelligence in the former side of Ludel said that, but the deputy general clutch shed his voice.

"It seems that the Maje、 wants to return to the present, as he completely encloses the border between the Duke of Saulon and the Amid国の."

“What’s it?”

Border blocking. It is not現実 in the environment of this world and the technology that humanity has.

It is wide to say that it is a border in one mouth. There are borders drawn in rivers, forests and mountains, not only plains, but also the magical precincts that are more dangerous.

It is possible to enclose the corridor placed on the fort and streets. However, it is not practical to construct a wall that separates the entire border and place the guarded soldiers.

So, I thought that the aristocrat in charge of Ludel and the former intelligence agency had a mistake.

"Now, if you are more severely blocked by border security, there is a path that only 偵。s and workers know. "It should be a problem."

“Illegally traded people who belong to our Duke’s intelligence organization are lacking training and preparation so that they can enter and enter even when border security is severe.”

That said, the chief of the intelligence organization and his relative aristocratic, but the reason was far beyond their expectations.

"So, it seems to be completely blocked by changing the shape of the boundary mountain range. If you are an adventurer of A or higher, you might be able to go, but there are no 腕、s and craftsmen standing up there?

The full blockade of the border wasの意味 meaning.

I open the metastatic gate if it takes time. Can you tell me the words and notes to communicate with your current position?

And Vandaloo was not going to take care of it as if Gphadoghan is known.

The two names of "Kissing" were "absorption" and now the president of the警備ry wolf guard company Miles Rouge remembered the words that he was saying.

If you are a boss, you can move the boundary. He said with confidence.

“I didn’t intend to say another山脈 at that time, but it was really true, but I see where the mountains are actually running, my back muscles are zokuzoku.”

A part of the boundary was moving ahead of the eyes of Miles. It’s like a huge serpent, but it’s slowly moving from the south to the north.

The altitude is a few thousand meters. Because it is far away, you can see the whole image, but if it is near, you should not be able to escape without worrying about it.

In fact, something is flying in the sky above the mountains. There is no guarantee because there is a distance, but probably Waiburn or Hurricane Dragon.

The Boundary Mountains are filled with magic. It is not only the land divided into the mountains, but also the mountains itself. The magicians should be surprised and crazy when the mountains suddenly moved. If you see the adventurers and knights of the same, you will not be able to.

However, there are vandaloos on Bakunawa and Pete, and Sam, so the magic that is flying around is eating again.

By the way, Kashim and Hendriksen who came to live to the Duchess of Saulon were placed around the borders for the wizards to escape to the ground rather than in the air. As a large amount of daemons, undeads, and even Pribels are added, the magic that jumped out of the magic will be created in front of the village.

The Milg shield side that is completely separate in the mountains soon... How do you do it in your country? There is a fort of pride.

At least, it is not to worry from the kingdom of Orbaum, the enemy country, and from the Vidal Magic Empire.

"In addition, there are many monsters that fly out of the magic even if you look from here. Is it because my feet are moving and moving? Or..."

However, the magicians are not crazy because the mountain range is moving, but they may have become too panic to fear Vanderou that continues to use baknawa,ト, and enormous magic.

If it is, the magic is also sad. How do you think about you? Well, I’m talking about it.

"Miles, Elizabeth seems to be disappointing while looking at his eyes."

"I can't do it..."

That’s where there weren’t only Miles, whose border between the Duchess of Saulon and the Milg shield. Nemesis George, the father of Iris and his sword. and Elizabeth.

However,ザsabスs do not move with picli, while the mountain range is reverted before the山脈. You might be disappointed.

“I don’t care whether I’m not a stranger. Because it is the Maje , I think that it is done after confirming the process of that."

There are no people in the mountains. In the first place, it is not true to climb the boundary mountain range. It is a mountain range in the back of the old S ar Autonomous Region. The adventurer shouldn’t be able to reach the mountain range if he doesn’t run away from the “earm”

I see. Is there a possibility that you can stop by people near the border?

"It should not be at least on the Saulon, Iris"

“I had notified me well... I have a boss at the top of the mountain range, so it’s okay if I had a delay.”

The region where the mountain range is lying was between the Fort of the Duchess of Sauron and the Fort of the Milg shield. The border between the enemy countries. There is a number of resting treaties in the history of about five hundred years, but there is no blocking treaty at once. In other words, even if you have promised that “Let’s take a break of war now”, it’s not a one-of-a-。 relationship that clearly promised that “The other is the end.”

If the country is競acent to the Sekisui and Fort, it will be difficult to wear and tear due to the small competition, and it will not develop into the unexpected war because the situation is large from the small competition.

Therefore, between the borders on the map, there is a buffer zone that is not clearly stated in the territory of either country.

The mountain range is the buffer zone. There will be a lot of adventurers who collect the materials they live there, or criminals who are engaged in illegal trade.

The former has passed through the adventurous ルドld so that the buffer zone is not found.

Of course, there is a possibility that there are adventurers who continue to work in the buffer zone as they leave before they see the traffic. It is possible that s and pharmacists are entering the buffer zone in order to obtain prey or herbs.

Because Vandaloos confirm at the beginning of the mountain range so that they can’t get into the mountains that move.

We do not have to worry about merchants who trade closely.

"It's still a巻. I thought that I was able to change the terrain, but the scale of the Maje、 is different.

"I'm sorry."

The power of changing the surrounding terrain. There are many people in this world. If you just need to destroy trees, rocks, and buildings around you, you can be a B-class adventurer or more than a rank 7 monster. If you want to divide a small mountain of about a few hundred meters above sea level, you can be an A-class adventurer.

Iris is now able to divide the mountains over 1,000 meters above elevation if you shake Nemesis George by squeezing all the power. It is possible to create a crater with a few hundred meters in diameter. That’s the same Miles in this place.

And the S-class adventurer’s “True” Randolph, “Zun Thunder”, and the S-class adventurer’s “Kinno” Volks, “Trouble” skeleton, “The Genie King” Godwin, and the terrain of God’s “Rvezfor” and “Fidilg” can change the terrain at a higher scale.

However, they are all terrain changes caused by destruction. Iris and Miles were built to change the shape of the mountain ranges, stretching and changing the terrain depending on the change.

In fact, it is possible to change the terrain to some extent, but the scale is impossible.

"I'm a little waiting! Is it okay?"

“When the boundary is connected to the boundary, did you tell me before?”

“I think it’s hard to find a ground or underground water veins!”

マイルzabeths, who seemed to return to me, 口ed to Miles and Iris.

"Good questions"

In response, when Miles faces his eyes, they saw each other in a 。ry, and then Uzev opened his mouth.

“I think the climate changes when the high mountain ranges move, but is there any problem?”

I think Miles is a good question. The terrain has an effect on the underground and far high sky weather that cannot be seen from the surface. In this world, they are highly knowledgeable only by specialized s and magicians. Many people don’t know if they are researching other fields, not just by general people, but also by学者s and magicians.

Since Miles himself became part of Vandalou, he heard from him as a chat, and learned the knowledge of the production brave left in the boundary.

“Now, I answer, but I don’t have a problem.” First of all, it seems to be a part where the connection field is not being moved.

Gods of the Vida family to prevent the eyes of the Gods of the Alda forces and Rode Corte. It is not placed on all mountains that make up the boundary.

The bonding field can reduce the force required to narrow the tension range. For this reason, the gods of the Vida family are connected from the innermost mountains.

Therefore, even if you move other mountains, it does not affect the connection.

"And the problem of the ground, but the boss is not just goムing the mountains and changing the shape. At the same time, it is going to be a rock that supports the mountain with [Goム世] on the ground where you can ride the mountains from now on.

After moving the mountain, if the large ground sinking occurs without getting closer to the mountain, the elevation of the mountain decreases, it is not meaningful. It is also troublesome that the wells used in the villages and cities of the Duchess of Sauron are withered by the underground water veins.

For this reason, Vanderou is moving the mountains while devised by the rocks that the mountains sink. I didn’t explain the fine water, but I didn’t just lay the rocks on the ground, but I’d like to avoid the underground water 脈s and make a rock pillar.

I see. His Maje  I don't know well, but I'm surely okay."

Iris was not good.

“Iris, you...”

"Depends on Godwin"

Iris was a disappointing child like this, and her daughter had time working on desk work as a queen of magicians. Nemesis George is not unstudying.

"It's okay because it's a little about the weather. Because it should be not to be able to increase the number of disasters by reducing rain or too thin.

What is your territory?

If you want to separate the mountains, Vandalu is not far from here.

We know Miles and Iris, but Vandalou refuses to help people who don’t know their names and faces. However, it does not sacrifice a close person who knows the name and face.

That’s because it’s a land that’s the land of Elizabeth.

“I’m glad I’m thankful, but I’m so happy that I’m listening to.”

I was delighted to see the cheeks red Elizabeth, and Miles still urged me.

"If you do this, you will not be treated as humans, but I think it's going to do. Why don’t you hate Vandaloo to treat God?

Miles, who heard it, turned to a mountain range that keeps moving slowly.

The 業s that cannot be made by humans are currently in progress, and they are made in an obvious environment that anyone can see.

In addition, the executor prevents any inconvenience that may be later.

God’s work. If you think so, it’s impossible. Miles himself also thought that the power of God is working before encountering Vanderou.

"I'm sure you'll be able to do it."

Baknawa and Pete are not only the deter、 of the monsters that have jumped out, but also the appearance of them, and they are going to change the subjects that are holy.

Iris answered me so much.

"Miles, bet you. His Maje  has no thoughts.

His eyes were strong trust and shining bonds to Vandalou.

」

"But I should tell you now."

It’s right. If Van misses control with shock, the shape of the mountain range will change.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Pete

Rank: 15

Race: Shinko Gourai Centipede Beast King

Level: 1

・Passive skills

Starvation resistance: 3Lv

Super self-strengthening: Subordination: 3Lv (UP!)

Violent poison secretion (neurotoxin): Jaw angle: 7Lv (UP!)

Wind attribute invalid

Super-strengthened body: Exoskeleton, horns: 7Lv (UP!)

Strength: 8Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 10Lv (UP!)

Fast healing: 10Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Predation: 10Lv (UP!)

night vision

Reinforcement: 5Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Stealth: 1Lv

Fierce charge: 7Lv (UP!)

Transcend the limit: 5Lv (UP!)

Hyakkojutsu: 1Lv (Awakened from Armorjutsu!)

Thunder: 8Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 8Lv

High speed driving: 3Lv (UP!)

Familiar demon: 4Lv (UP)

Reduced size: 6Lv (UP!)

・Unique skills

Dragon God Eater: 2Lv (UP!)

Zanarpadna's protection

Vandalieu's protection

- Monster explanation: Shinko Gourai Centipede Beast King written by Luciliano

A member of Pete's race who became a member of the Beast King by ranking up to rank 15.

It's unheard of for a monster to become a beast king, and if I hadn't confirmed it myself, I would have called it ``even though it's just a theoretical theory, it's too delusional.''

This is because the beast kings are the children of Ganpaprio, the great god who was born at the same time as Vida and Alda, and are the kings of birds, beasts, fish, etc. They are completely unrelated to monsters.

Like the boar beast king, there are also beast kings who defected to the demon king's army in later generations and became the ancestors of monsters.

However, there is no example of a monster rising in rank and becoming the Beast King. Well, in the first place, the only information about rank 15 monsters is in legends and myths whose truth is unknown. According to Gufadgarn, there were almost no monsters of rank 14 or above when the former Demon King Guduranis led the Demon King's army.

At that time, monsters were treated like casual soldiers by the evil gods of the Demon King's army, and although they created facilities such as dungeons to generate and raise large numbers of monsters, they were only seen as a disposable force. And since Bellwood and the others were defeated one after another after being summoned, it seemed difficult for monsters to surpass rank 13, which is comparable to their creators, the evil gods.

There were cases where they were created with a purpose from the beginning, and cases where they were raised as a hobby by their masters, the evil gods, but it seems that they were very small in size overall.

It is quite ironic that even for the monsters, it is easier to live after the old demon lord, who was the ruler of the creators and masters, is sealed away.

Pete's transformation into a beast king may indicate a new way of existence for his master, a new demon lord, and the monsters under his control.

By the way, although he has joined the Beast King, he is both a Beast King and a monster, so it seems that he can continue to operate on the ground as before.

The next episode will be posted on June 21st.