Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 325: The surroundings of the Demon King and those aiming for him

This month, the result of receiving the teacher’s strict guidance was finally higher.

“I’m up... I’m up!”

You may think that it is exuberant to the level 1 up. However, it was a big move for him, who is a preliminary school instructor.

Aysome has come to the wall of growth. However, I have overcome it. I continued to fight against monsters that can be defeated by my own power, and continued to climb the wall.

However, the wall was too high. One year, two years, I had never been able to do my best.

At that time, Aサム was a C-class adventurer. He has not earned two names, but he has earned two names such as stiff arms and ice swords.

C-class adventurers are preferential to adventurers under D-class.

If you think that there is a majority of adventurers who end up with the D class even after effort, there will be no one who laughs the Aサム that came to the C class. It should be called.

Aisam was also satisfied and re ed. The adventurous 格ld evaluated his personality and his past career and wrote a letter of recommendation, so he was able to re-就職 at a pre-school.

That’s why Asamu was passionately mentored to teach students how to teach their skills. However, I remember not only the sense of satisfaction but also the loneliness as I grew up and graduation.

I realized. I didn’t want to give up.

However, it was the road of  for Aサム. Certainly, if you continue to defeat the magic that you can defeat without giving up, you may be able to go beyond the wall of growth. However, I don’t know when to go. It was almost a decade after I hit the wall.

There is enough storage. In the morning, I entered the magical precincts and dungeons, fighting with the danger of life that can win more than 90 percent, and returning with the body dirty with sweat and magic. I think it is better to live a life that is easy to have in the neighborhood, having a stable daily life with the instructor in this way rather than doing such daily life.

Aysum, who was worried about such a thing, was hit by the teacher. The 術ar art is not passed through, and it is lightly twisted like a child.

The real サム is not injured, and the 筋 is reduced. His pride was folded...but it was powdered with yasuri.

However, there was a big difference between the teacher and サム.

From the next day, I asked the teacher to train. The teacher’s training is to train the simulated fights and their rebellion points. Every day, Esam repeatedly trained teachers and other teachers, as well as simulated fights with students.

Then, training the part that is not enough to you. As if he had a lot of eyes, he often saw サムs, and pointed out the problem and the lack of them.

As a result of the last month, Aysum has overcome the wall of growth.

"Teacher! I'm graduating this time and return to the adventurer's business! Thank you for your guidance!"

Then, I took the hand of Aysome to tell the tears, and Vandaloo was a big nod.

“I’ve been working with you so far.” Everything is the result of your efforts. I am proud of Mr. Aisam.

......But I'm saying many times, and I'm almost giving up, but my teacher is you.”

I’m sure that I have trained, and I don’t get my mouth or attitude, so I think I’m still not getting it. However, will you be confessed with your graduation (job change) and say thank you further? There are a lot of school life.

It was Vandaloo that I could not think so.

Three documents were spread over the desk, and Meorilis had a breath.

“Is it good to say that I had done this degree, or is it still a mouth?” I think I did it personally, and I would like to bless and support the re-departure of Aysomes.”

Dandrip, “True” Randolph, said to her who has a subtle face that can be laughed and astringent with the principal and Meolilis individual.

The end of April The end of this term is five months until the end of September. Search for new instructors.

It’s more than I expected.

Three of the five instructors who have been trained in Vandalou with their students wished to retire. However, it is not a bad story because you want to redo as an adventurer. ......The three people seemed to have crossed the wall of growth.

By the way, the教 thing that Randolph assumed was that the instructor and classmate were folded and everyone left the school.

It is honestly believed that it crossed the wall of growth that the former C-class adventurer had hit by the simulated fight alone. If only one person, it is believed that Vandalou has been enrolled at the time when it was over the wall of growth ... because it is three. Vanderou should think that it has the skills that can promote others’ growth.”

“Yes...but it seems to be different from the advanced alex. He uncovered the sleeping talent of others and flowered it. However, Vandaloo is growing up to veteran instructors who shouldn’t have a sleeping talent.

If you are a guide?

[Guided] Meoriris, a former A-class adventurer and an experienced elf who has been living for more than 100 years, had some knowledge about the job.

There is no thing that I actually met, but I know that it is the existence that I can give my friends something like God's app。。 from the literature written by the person and the fellow.

"It may be possible." ......But it’s a surprise if it’s different.”

Randolph did not deny. He meets only once in Heinz. ...... I had been teaching Kanako for a long time and stood on the same stage.

There are too many 。ents around them, including mothers. If you are really serving the Duke of Alcrem, you will be able to change the Kingdom of Orbaum to the Kingdom of Alcrem if you care about it.

So I don’t have any doubts about what a person is. [Guidance] Because there is a thing that convinces the thought of each thing"

"Example reform?" That’s why I’m convinced, but I can’t convince that Aサム empathizes with its reform and became a member of Vanderou.”

"I agree that"

The power of the conductor is a companion. There is a limit to the range though the target is much wider than the members of the same party. However, it is impossible to get into the range just by receiving the samurai.

As described in the literature, Aysum is not only respected and trusted by Vandalu, but is not a supporter of the reform that Arkurem sang.

The reason for re ement is not to be an adventurer, but it should be like "I want to be a power of Vanderou even a little!" Actually, it may not be such a thing.

“Oh, I’m a guide.” It is difficult for the staff to leave. However, because it is impossible to do [conductor]"

The guide is the idea. To avoid being guided, you must communicate with Vandaloo. Don’t cross words, don’t focus on them. If you do so, you shouldn’t be guided according to your knowledge.

In fact, Vandalou can guide people even from dreams, so it is not perfect even if it is thorough, but there is a certain effect.

However, this is school, and Vandalou is a student... recently, the number of teachers who do not treat Vandalou is increasing, but it is impossible to make it thorough.

If you do such a thing, it is still mashi who has failed to take the exam from the beginning.

“In recent years, there is a mix of staff meetings, because they have been conf。 with some staff. I just got into the Aysomes, but Vandaloo said he was puzzled.

"Oh, and I think that there is Vandalou, but I don't feel anything unnatural. ......When did you  ?

。 It was a problem as a teacher. I was too unnatural and I was late to respond.

Since now, Vandaloo is not allowed in the facilities for the fa。ty, and try to treat him as a student. I thought that this is not good.

"So, I took the first month to enroll. As Vandalou has宣言d, I would like to officially join the Elizabeth party. Is it okay?

In the early preliminary school, the new students are determined to have a party only with the same students.

For this reason, Vandalou will submit documents and officially join the Elizabeth party tomorrow.

By the way, Vandalou was justソロd to enter the Elysabés party, and it was free to attend any party.

Therefore, Vandalou and Elizabeth are not contrary to school rules. ......If it’s normal, Vandalou will not be able to withstand the practice alone, and it will be blame if you buy Aoda.

However, the instructors who have only practical skills that can be trained in Vanderou should not be able to withstand practical practice alone, and Elizabeth was imp。ed, "The son of the Honorary Lady of Zakart"

"No problem" As far as you can see the past Vanderou's behavior, it is basically calm. Even if you are entangled with advanced students, it will be difficult. ...... Even if Mashika puts his mother's bento, and tries to put his hand on his sister Paulina and His Maje , he will not develop in trouble with a cunning hand.

"The second half is a problem. However, it will be somehow. Our school’s events are less... The role of Elizabeth, the leader of the party to suppress people from now on.”

There are no school events such as forest school, cultural festival, sports festival, etc. that were in the school of "Earth" in the preparatory school. There are practical trainings to stay in the magical precincts and dungeons, as well as practical trainings to escort the business team in collaboration with an adult adventurer about a week. Because it is not necessary, whether or not it is entrusted to the will of the person.

“If you can, you want to have a good、.”

At that time, Alex was writing in a school dormitory room. The room is large enough not to be a dormitory where students live. It seems that the house in the village of his home is not enough to enter.

However, this dormitory includes students from the aristocratic family of other Duchess, and it seems to be a troublesome species if you like a room that is a little more than a wooden yado with two bunk beds that are squeezed.

For this reason, there are rooms with superior beds and dedicated writings, as well as magic items for lighting in storage space.

This is because rent is Tadah.

"This month's balance is also black."

It is a household book written by Alex. If you are a child, it is recommended that you make your own home book.

It’s a dangerous job that you don’t know if you die. For that reason, there were many people who lived in the old days without having to have the money of overnight.

But you have to survive when you have to retire adventurers. In addition, there were some people who used their own money in sake and 打, and they could not buy new samurai.

In order to change the situation, each adventurous school recommends to make a home book for students. Alex is also pronounced as a family book.

“But the point of loss against Paulina and Vanderou is a big red word.”

After confirming that the mate was sleeping, he said that he sn。ed.

Since then, I have been warned by students and instructors who care about Vanderou's obedience and him just by approaching them.

Not to see the status. ...... I could see the status of Vanderou's deceased, but I didn't know anything because it was mosaic. The mosaic スキル has gained numerous skills.

Of course, it is not a place to invite friends. They are not able to contact them because they have practical training outside of the city in the past months.

In this section, it may be better to give up to make them friends.

We are also interested in Elizabeth Saulon who has not been interested in the previous period.

Alex, who is interested in Vandaloo’s special lessons, has reviewed the status of Elizabeth to refer to its effect.

That’s why Elizabeth crossed the wall of growth, and Maheria and Zona were also getting higher levels and abilities.

Of course, Alex has grown more than a month ago...

In rumors, the content of special lessons seems to fight the monsters that have been chased by the adventurer, is it true?

(Even adventurers who should be doing the same thing every day, the level does not rise at such a pace.) It is not just that the adventurer is chasing, but it is getting a lot of experience by weakening the monster and止めing the stop.

What is the secret that they have become strong? There are many people who get the protection of God from a few years ago, but they don’t get them......)

Alex, who knows the things of [Guidance], was puzzled that Elizabeth became strong in a short time. In particular, when I checked the status with [Big Appraisal Magic Eye], I was surprised that the level of Elizabeth was rising that it had been hit by a wall that seems to be quite high.

However, Elizabeth has not yet won the Vanderlust. Because it was only guided, there was no cause that can be confirmed with [magical eye].

(Is it Vandalou? Do you have a unique skill or something that he will promote the growth of others? If you say, you have to check his status during the practice that does not contain the secretion of the instructor. No, but ... if his status is mosaic, is it wasteful?)

In the castle of Orbaum, Urgen Telcatanis reported the progress of his mission.

“[The 片 of the King] has already collected ten pieces in the sanctuary of the Royal Palace. Our Terkatanis family has protected [片ments]

Before he droops his head, he has a paper stamped with unfamiliar stamps. It seems to be an instant altar.

We have already prepared a fake seal that is necessary to replace it. ......Is it necessary to do five more times?

For a while ago, Terkatanis began to collect the 片facts of the kings that God seeks.

It was easy to execute because I heard that the chief priest of the Temple of Alda strictly manages [the missing of the King], so it was easy to leave and manage the sanctuary of the Royal Palace.

The sanctuary of the royal palace is actually the sanctuary of each temple. The sanctuary of the priests and the priests ceremonies, and the sanctuary was difficult to penetrate and interfere with the outside of the magic.

The Royal Palace is higher in terms of defense, such as defending the Orbaum Rokujin, the kingdom of Orbaum, but if you think about the risk of transferring [the missing of the King], you will not have a meaning to move.

“Please come back!”

Terkatanis, who graced God, stands up, and he took a paper stamped with the Holy Mark from the office desk, which he saw in the immediate altar.

"It takes a long time to collect the missing pieces that are preserved by other Duke's temples." High risk of information leaking. After all, do you have to move the “Witch of the King” sealed in the back of the Royal Palace’s treasure trove?

Terkatanis did not doubt that the sixth saint is God. I examined the possibility of being mis ed by magical communication and whether the drug has not been washed, but the word of Rokudo Sei was not caused by magic or drugs. ......Of course, no one is hiding and whispering near him.

And Rokudo St. told Telkatanis about information that is not available to God. Vanderou’s history and its identity. The defeat of the new species of Vida and the land of the undead, and the Heinz of the "Ao flame sword".

Once, if there is no wrong response, the Orbaum Kingdom's order is maintained, and the Alcrem's reform and the presence of Vandalou is broken. It is necessary to acknowledge the rights of the new breed of Vida more widely than the claims of Alda fusions, such as admitting Guol as a kind of person, but conversely, it was thought to be done.

But the truth is different. Duke Alcrem became a country tra。 by Vandalu, and he was trying to sell the Kingdom of Orbaum to him.

It may be happy for the new breed of Vida and Vida followers of the Kingdom of Choosing. You may have a chance to change your life with it.

However, the Urugen Terkatanis and its tribes with the Alda Temple and the thick pipe will lose its status and power. and life.

Not . The kingdom of the Orbaum, and the order has been preserved. It is not forgiven, such as being the last time of absence.

“The absurdity that we will be sacrificed to cure it with a large number of people to save a few victims is prevented.”

I have already been left for young people who have lost. This is the power of God.

The Rokudo St., which is located in the throne of Lodgorte, was satisfied with the state of Urgen Telcatanis.

"Dah, I was able to steer him well in the shade of [Kutujin]"

』

The dars of [Kutujin], who is a transsexual and one of the six roads, said that. It is not a magecraft or drug that Terkatanis preached that it was God Deposit. It was due to theー ability.

Der's [Kutujin] is the ability to always understand the condition of the target and allow telepathic communication.

He used his abilities to terkatanis to relay the will of six ways.

That’s why Terkatanis was able to listen to six-way voices just like normal conversations. If you notice it, it would be tough to ask him. That’s why he doesn’t know the existence of magic, drugs, andーs.

In addition, Telkatanis has no experience of being entrusted by many people in the world. Therefore, I don’t know the difference between the usual gods and the six-way conversation by [Kutujin].

Of course, if you listen to the Lord of the Alda Temple with records and pipes of the past written, it is not possible to teach the sixth way "information that can not be understood unless it is God", the suspicion of Terkatanis disappeared. The information source is Rodo Corte.

This is the God of different worlds, and it is convinced that it is necessary to descend.

It is necessary to take about one hour to move this capacity immediately.

“I’ve been able to move his abilities to God, and even if you don’t meet them directly?” Oh, you’re not asking for gra、, but you’re trying to increase and confirm it.”

It was possible to move by the help of Rodocolte with theー ability.

I know. Don’t forget that your help is essential

When the dar answers, Rodocorte is satisfied or towards another direction. The sixth way was to him, and I waited for the moment that [the 片fact of the King of the Devil] gather.

"God with a body that fits me, which leads to the subdi。s...the deficit of the body of Gduranis. When enough crowds, I will defeat the resurrection and the undead, and to God.

The chest was filled with crystal-like objects.

The comics version by Kenyo Kojima will be updated on August 24. Take a look at Comic Walker or Niconico Shizumi.

Next story will be posted on July 25th.