Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short Story 54 Six Paths Reincarnation

Sorry for being so late.

The mercenaries guarding the entrance to the Six Paths' stronghold, as well as the regular soldiers from the Nordic Federation and the Republic of China who disguised themselves as mercenaries, understood that when the time came, they would be fighting the monster.

Yes, it's a monster. Monsters who call themselves [Bravers]. They are a group of superhumans with special abilities who have acquired the strength of veteran elite soldiers after just a few months of training.

[Balor] smashes tanks with his bare hands, [Sleipnir] overwhelms veterans piloting new machines with his old machines, any magician becomes a wooden figure before [Mage Smasher], and [Oracle] prophesies information about criminal organizations and the dark side of the country with the force of denying the reason for the existence of intelligence organizations.

I had come prepared to fight against such a group of cheaters.

A magic-filled anti-tank rifle that fires a special alloy warhead using gunpowder and magic power and can pierce the armor of tanks...commonly known as the anti-tank rifle. Furthermore, it has a large triple gatling cannon that has too much firepower to fire at a living human, and a frost bomb that is imbued with attack magic that can instantly freeze bones.

All the soldiers handling it are wearing state-of-the-art powered suits. Not only does it have increased physical ability and magic media functions, but its physical defense and magic defense are on par with an armored vehicle. Whether it's poisonous gas or a virus, it can be prevented.

In addition, there are military golems, magic items, biological weapons, undead weapons... a military force that can overwhelm even the United States military in a local battle. With this, I think I can win even against monsters. After all, they are just people with super powers.

The soldier, who had been thinking such things until yesterday, lost consciousness as his anti-tank rifle was engulfed in flames by the attack magic unleashed by [Chiron] Derrick.

"Even my magic is this powerful, and it's also quite capable as a magic medium. I guess I can live off it for the rest of my life just by taking it to the manufacturer. Well, I don't think so."

While saying this, Derrick kicks up the armor plate of the tank he destroyed to create a cover and use it as a shield.

Among the [Bravers], he is the one who can fight. However, its strength is only slightly stronger than an ordinary elite. He wasn't good enough to wage a one-sided battle against an elite opponent wielding the latest weapons with a generous budget.

What made this possible was the metallic powered suit he was wearing...the performance of the transformation equipment.

(I feel that the increase in physical ability and defense power, as well as the increase in the power of magic, are too expensive. This is not armor, but a weapon. A bander who has to develop such a weapon... What kind of Shura world is this ``other world'' where Hiroto Amamiya resides?)

Derrick chanted a spell while internally struggling with the performance of the transformation equipment they had been given.

“[Lightning]!”

The activated attack magic directly hit the military golem and sparks were raised.

"If you're going to bring it in, you'd better stop. It seems like everything is made of metal that doesn't exist in this world."

[Zantman] Yodo said this as he rolled into the shadow of the cover created by Derrick.

"Ah, I'm tired. Take a break, take a break."

"I see, it's a metal that doesn't exist in this world. Is death-attribute magic involved?"

"Maybe. I haven't heard the details. Besides, it would be bad for the manufacturers and the professionals in that field to show this to them."

Derrick thought that Yodo's words meant that there was no point in showing him since he couldn't reproduce it in this world anyway.

In reality, what he meant was, ``I feel bad for Vandalieu telling him that the orthotic he's making for fun, hobby, and to support Kanako's idol activities, in addition to its practical benefits, is more advanced than the suit they've seriously researched and developed.'' Yodo doesn't know about the materials used to make the transformation equipment, but he has heard the secret story behind its creation.

"By the way, can't you put a golem to sleep?"

"I'm sorry, but I'm busy putting the traps and surveillance cameras on the ground to sleep. This equipment doesn't even suppress the power consumption of my abilities."

Yodo retorted to Derrick, and as if to say he would take his place, a tree grew from the ground and entangled the military golem, extending its roots inside the armor and eating away at it.

Next to it, an armored vehicle was crushed as if it had been stepped on by a giant, and an enemy soldier holding a grenade launcher was turned into an ice statue.

“Did you destroy all the large weapons with this?”

The reason why Amemiya and the others were fighting at the entrance forever was because the internal structure of Rokudou's headquarters was unknown, but it was to support Bandar, who was on his way to rescue the victims of his research.

Since the facility is underground, there is a high risk of it collapsing if a fierce battle takes place inside the facility. Of course, both Rokudou and the major powers that provided the facilities are probably building it sturdily. However, if Amemiya used [Ignore Defense Power], even the strongest buildings could collapse in an instant.

That's why I want to deal with tanks and large military golems on the ground.

"I wish we knew the internal structure..."

"They are guinea pigs after all. Even if they know the location of the facility, there is no way they can know anything other than the research building and our breeding facility."

Yukijorou and Bokor lamented as they turned random soldiers into ice statues and multiplied the plants controlled by Joseph.

Yukijoro manipulates freezing death, and Bokor looks like a life-attribute magician at first glance, but he is a limited death-attribute magician who manipulates proliferation...corruption.

When a person dies, microorganisms within the body multiply and rot. And new life sprouts from the corpse. He is in charge of the process. A spell used by an out-of-control ``undead'' that killed a scientist by having insects devour him from inside his body. That's what he can do.

“Those two of you who say that, shouldn’t you have followed Bander and Mei?”

``The god and the saint told me to support you.''

The two answered Nanamori's question with smiles.

"Nanamori, I want you to help me. Others say it's a nuisance if I die."

“Saint-sama said we should help without discrimination. If that is what Saint-sama wants, we will do it until we fulfill it.”

Everyone here understood that there was no lie in the answers those two gave. The two were Narumi's [Angels], and their spirits were connected to the [Bravers].

Otherwise, there was a reason that it would be difficult to cooperate with the connected [Bravers]. However, if that wasn't the case, it's true that I would feel reluctant to trust my back.

Bokor and Yukijorou pointed this out themselves and offered to connect their minds with [Angel].

To Narumi's surprise, Yukijorou replied, ``Aren't normal people going to call people like us fanatics or crazy? If you're going to entrust your back to such beings, I think you need a certain amount of insurance.'' Bokor then declared with a smile on his face, ``Besides, it's not like we don't feel uneasy about trusting our backs to you.''

"...I see. Thank you for your cooperation. I know you guys don't ask for my gratitude, but I'll still thank you."

That's what Amemiya said to the two as he turned his cloak and returned to his friends, but what he received back was a curt attitude. Yukijorou and his friends call Mei a saint and worship her, but her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Amemiya, are indifferent to her.

"That's true, but I understand that you are treating us with sincerity."

I won't ignore you, and if you ask me a question, I'll answer it. However, there is no emotion involved. This is a very dry adult response. That was unwavering even at the moment when Bokor responded to Amamiya.

"Looks like this is the end for tanks and armored vehicles. Do we continue like this? Or do we wait until Mari and the others finish their rescue?"

Narumi's [Angel] ability was the ability to connect the spirits of others and enable real-time communication, which is immune to communication interference from both magic and science.

However, as she lost members who specialized in obtaining information, such as the [Clairvoyant] Tendou who also had the ability to see, she was forced to grow as an [Angel] due to circumstances.

And as a result, it became possible to grasp the location and number of human spirits existing within range. This allows her to see enemies riding in tanks and armored vehicles.

...By the way, [Angel] cannot connect to spirits other than humans, nor can their existence be detected. Perhaps because of this, he is unable to connect to Bandar's spirit, and even though he can grasp Mei's location, he is unable to grasp Bandar's own location.

Therefore, Gabriel and Mari worked together with Bandar and the others to inform them of the situation.

"Have the banders not finished rescuing the victims yet?...That's surprising, I thought it would be an easy victory."

Everyone can't help but nod at Iwao's words. They had the impression that Bander would be able to overcome any obstacles and move on.

However, it seems that even Bander, as expected, will find it difficult to continue at the same pace as before while increasing the number of objects to be protected in a closed space.

In fact, perhaps we should praise Rokudou's efforts in stopping Bandar's invasion.

"However, the ones that have come out so far are just soldiers, except for the high-performance and heavily armed ones. I think Rokudou would understand that they won't be able to stop us like that..."

Rokudou was the man at the core of the Bravers. He knows the members' high fighting ability better than anyone else.

Although Bandar's transformation equipment has increased his fighting power, even if that is taken away, he would not think that he could defeat Hiroto Amemiya, let alone Derrick, with the latest tanks and military golems.

"Are you sure you're just buying time? In that case, we have no choice but to move on..."

Just as Amemiya was about to choose to move on, a loud siren rang out, interrupting his voice.

"What!? Did it even activate a self-destruct device?"

“If a former comrade from the organization you betrayed dressed up and attacked you with a monster, you would want to give up, but...it seems that's not the case.”

Derrick points to the end of the passage with a bloodless look on Iwao's face. From there, a group of strange-looking creatures appeared.

“GAAAAAAA! ”

"Vboaaaa..."

There's a hairless wolf that's as big as a tank, a bear with one front leg that's extremely enlarged, an eyeless bipedal lizard, and a zombie with machines implanted in its body.

"Is this...a biological weapon created by Rokudou using death-attribute magic or an undead soldier?"

As Amamiya clearly exclaimed in disgust, they were trying to see if they could use the failed work created by Rokudou in the process of researching death-attribute magic and turn it into a weapon.

The animals were developed with the aim of being specialized weapons that use only one type of death-attribute magic, just like Berserk in ``The Eighth Guidance.'' However, although its fighting power was strengthened, its ferocity increased too much and it became nothing more than an uncontrollable monster.

By mechanizing some parts of the zombies, it became possible to use them as immortal soldiers with combat power that surpassed that of humans, but they still had problems with control and easily went out of control, so they had no choice but to be branded as failures.

However, they continued to breed them for use as a disposable force.

"I don't feel so good, but I have no choice but to do it...or should I wait for Bandar?"

The [Bravers], including Iwao, have defeated countless magical beasts created by mutating beasts with magical power, as well as naturally occurring undead.

However, they learned that the ``undead'' they subjugated more than ten years ago were the same reincarnated people as themselves, and now that they exist as banders, they feel hesitant about defeating them.

Furthermore, in terms of being victims of the Six Paths' research into death-attribute magic, they are the same as Yukijorou and the others here.

Bander was told, ``Don't worry about the opponent coming towards you,'' but he still hesitates as to whether he should fight.

At that time, Mari, who was connected to [Angel], noticed our situation and sent a message from Bandar.

``I told you not to worry about who's coming towards you. 'Cause'

“Oh, are you serious?”

“I think so.”

It seemed to Iwao and his friends that Bandar was a limited death-attribute magician, that is, was trying to save all the test subjects, and that all the test subjects believed in Bandar.

However, this is not actually the case. Bandar only came to help those whom Vandalieu was able to guide, and had no intention of helping anyone else.

Rokudou and the others don't know, but even among the humans who are used as experimental subjects, there are some who are not guided like the [Corruption] man. If he knew he couldn't win, he would beg for his life, promise to turn over, and provide all the information he knows. After he is saved, he either runs away or tries to take advantage of the opportunity to kill him.

Neither Bandar nor Vandalieu would want to help such a person.

Similarly, I don't think about irrational beings who only direct aggression at me because I can't help them.

“Well, I don’t mind if it’s none other than the person who said that, but… Huh? Why don’t you come towards me?”

The disposable forces sent by Rokudou appeared, but did not attack Amemiya and the others and remained where they were.

“GIAAAAAA! ! ”

『Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! ! ”

 And they were killing each other.

Most of them were a combination of beasts and undead, and they probably ignored Rokudou's orders and Amamiya and the others and started fighting.

"...What should we do in this case? He's not coming towards us though."

"Pass through! Only attack the individuals that attack us!"

Rokudou's calculations went completely wrong here as well.

Meanwhile, the banders were proceeding through a long underground passage. The combat personnel originally placed to stop them have collapsed due to the betrayal of experimental subjects such as the man with enhanced lethality and the woman with possession, and are hardly an obstacle.

“GAAAAAAA! ! ”

“Isn’t it okay to use the same experimental subject?”

The only obstacle was the beast sent by Rokudou, but Bander easily slaughtered it as well.

“Even though they were mutated by death-attribute magic, does that mean that most of them are just beasts?”

``It's like that. In ``The Eighth Guidance,'' there was a modified bear named Berserk, but he spent many years with his friends while being controlled by Isis, so they formed a strong bond with him, or maybe it was because I imbued him with magical power...''

I think about the difference between Berserk and the six-eyed tiger lying at my feet, but then I stop.

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...

“Oh, oh, oh…”

"Grrrrrr..."

“Kyakkya!”

This is because the undead sent to them are under Mei's command. By the way, the fallen [Enhanced lethality] man and [Possessed] woman have also turned into undead and are among them.

“Tora-san, get well, Tora-san, and be a good girl!”

Then, as Mei chanted this and waved her cane, the six-eyed tiger, which had fallen down, opened its closed eyelids, stood up with cloudy eyes, and roared.

``Me-kun, you've become great too... You may have already surpassed me in terms of magic power distribution for basic death-attribute magic.''

“As expected of you mom!”

Bandar and Mari praise their skill in captivating and creating the undead.

Of course, Rokudou did not intentionally place Mei with pleasant friends or followers of Bandar. In the case of the test subjects, we selected those who had no contact with the [Metamorphs], and placed the undead with the intention of being assassins.

However, it had the opposite effect because Vandalieu and Mei did not realize that they were in contact with each other in a way that was impossible for the Six Paths to prevent or even monitor, called dreams, and that Mei had inherited the ability to charm undead.

Even the military nation that discovered death-attribute magic was unaware that ``undead'' had the power to enchant spirits. Isis and Valkyrie in ``The Eighth Guidance'' were simply controlling the undead that they had modified and created. Rokudou, who had envisioned Mei and Bandar based on them, never dreamed that the undead he created would become Mei's ally.

"...It's a good thing that I'm getting better at magic, but...is it okay to be happy about it? He looks like an amazing villain."

Hiroshi smiles bitterly at the sight of his sister surrounded by undead. Although he was quite used to seeing banders, it seems that his immunity to other undead wasn't strong yet.

``Honestly, I don't think so either. Sanitary problems can be prevented with the magic of [sterilization], and there is also a [deodorization] technique, so it seems like there won't be any complaints from the neighbors about bad odors...and I'm sure there were restrictions on bringing in tigers from overseas.

It would be better to talk to Amemiya and the others later.''

"Aunt Ulrika, what I'm doing is not worrying about the neighborhood troubles that might occur when I bring these people home, or pet-like concerns."

"Hmm? Really? Then I'm sure it'll be fine."

By the way, the Amemiya couple, who are connected to Mari through [Angel], agreed on Mei, ``For now, let's do something about the Six Paths and then think about it.''

It is treated the same way as the identity of the bander. And Bander thought that was fine too.

“Now that you mention it, is Gabriel a woman or a man?”

"It's both. They were originally twins, but I was the one who united the twin brother and sister with the aim of ``integrating the magical power by merging two humans.''

“Is that so!?”

"That's right. The experiment was successful and the magical power doubled. It seems that the test subjects other than me failed."

"That's right... everyone must have had a hard time."

"Subjectively, it's not that bad. You're going to have a hard time from now on, too."

"Yeah, I feel like that."

Hiroshi then started a conversation with Gabriel, who looked like a slightly older boy or girl. His demeanor was tense, but it was understandable since Bandar had tried not to show any gruesome or cruel scenes.

As a result, Hiroshi seemed to have little awareness that they were currently in the midst of a battle with Rokudo and the other traitors.

That's why I haven't had any problems until now...

``This may be Hiroshi's turn. The number of objects to be protected has increased too much.''

Bander said this while slaughtering the beasts that were still attacking him.

Bandar is a powerful and unparalleled presence in this world. However, it is not possible to crush all threats while protecting the ever-increasing number of protected targets. Therefore, the power of Hiroshi is necessary.

"Eh? What's my turn?! All I can do is use [non-attribute magic] to crush an empty can at a distance, or use normal attribute magic. I don't know much about attack magic either."

Aside from his ability to cheat, Hiroshi inherited excellent physical ability and magical talent from the Amemiyas, but he is a boy who will turn nine years old this year.

Of course, even if it's a fight between children, killing each other isn't going to be effective.

"No, I'm not asking you to fight."

“Now!”

The moment Bandar was about to say something, a man who had hidden himself among the herd of beasts using magic appeared.

“You are the [copy] Iguchi!”

The man Mari pointed to while saying his code name and name was one of the members of the Bravers. It was Takeo Iguchi from [Copy].

He used magic to hide in a herd of beasts to distract himself from his own life reactions, waiting for an opportunity.

Rather than an attack, it was an opportunity to use the cheat ability that ``copies the magic used by the target, regardless of their talent.'' He shouted as he held out his palms towards Mei, who was within the effective range of his ability.

"Now we're even! Come out, my monster...Agya?"

However, the beasts noticed Iguchi when he appeared and attacked him.

"B-you idiot!? Why can't I [copy]!? I can copy even death-attribute magic... why can't I [copy] the death-attribute magic that creates that monster!?"

Iguchi and Rokudou, who sent him, deduced that the unidentified monster Bander was ``an existence created and used by Mei using some kind of death-attribute magic.''

The reason why this happens is that even though they know that the ``undead'' is Hiroto Amamiya, they do not know that after his death in this world, he was reincarnated as Vandalieu, and that he possessed Mei and sent an alter ego created from the fragments of his soul into this world through a dream.

Even if they are blood relatives, the reincarnated person's cheat ability is not inherited. As long as that was the case, it was natural for them to think that Bandar, who seemed to have a connection with Mei, was a being created by her [death-attribute magic].

Therefore, if you use the same magic with Iguchi's [Copy], even if you can't completely turn the situation around, you can tilt the battle to your side. That's what I thought...

"Well, it's not magic."

Because the assumption was wrong from the beginning, it ended in failure. On the contrary, they self-destructed by exposing themselves defenseless in front of the beast they had created.

Bander quickly covered Iguchi with the mucus he spit out from his mouth, and stabbed him to death with his claws while he was unable to move in the cloudy, gel-like mucus.

And while I'm at it, I'll try a little to see if I can break the soul. During [Valor], there was time to crush Mei and Hiroshi's hearts by instilling trauma in them without showing it to them, but now they don't have it.

After trying it for a few seconds, I realized that Vandalieu's soul could not be broken by Vander, who was nothing more than his alter ego.

(I don't feel like it will break at all...Maybe it's impossible without the main body?)

I give up and release Iguchi's soul. In this case, the only way to destroy the Six Paths is to summon the main body.

``Going back to the topic, I don't want Hiroshi to fight, but I want him to help protect everyone. If we continue like this, we'll have to take out a lot of people who don't have the strength to fight before they're used as experiment guinea pigs.''

"But I don't have that kind of power..."

"It's okay, just use this."

With that said, Bandar pulled out an armful of metal that was completely different from a cane or a portable transformation device.

``This is a heavily armored transformation device made for Hiroshi. Please try using it.”

"Just for me!? Yay!"

A boy on the verge of adolescence, who longs to be a hero, reaches for Bander's new transformation device without hesitation.

The political and business leaders of each country who had been cooperating with the Six Paths through the lure of immortality were now feeling irritated, distrustful, and impatient.

Originally, Rokudo was scheduled to complete death-attribute magic today, become the god of the new world, and bestow upon them the blessing of immortality. Until then, there will be no trouble and no interruptions. He was supposed to be able to safely obtain eternal life, which is humanity's dream, and rule as an aristocrat in the new world.

"Even though troubles are inevitable in life...I don't think it would be a good idea to explain something to you. Where is Mr. Rokudou?"

Sherman Moriya, who was asked this by the President of the United States, broke out in a cold sweat.

"Currently, Rokudo is making final adjustments. We apologize for the inconvenience, but everyone will have to wait a little longer, but there will be no problems.

We plan to crush those attacking this base soon."

That's how Moriya explained it, but he himself knew it was a lie.

The nuisances I wanted to eliminate were all alive, and my friends who were supposed to come back after I finished them were either dead or missing. The pawns who were not supposed to betray him betrayed themselves and sided with the enemy.

And now, this base, which was fully prepared but thought it would never actually be attacked, is under heavy attack.

Although they are currently holding back, Moriya understands that this is because the enemy is prioritizing rescuing the guinea pigs. Fortunately, Rokudou came up with the idea of ​​using the guinea pigs not as hostages, but as handholds to block the enemy's movements, so it's still possible to buy some time...but I don't know if it will only last a few more minutes, or if it will buy more than an hour.

At the very least, there won't be enough time to escape from here and hide somewhere.

When he left the headquarters, the surveillance camera showed Hiroshi transforming into a monster made of some kind of metal, over two meters long, and yelling, ``What is this? ? Isn't this a monster? ” he roared.

No matter how you look at it, it's Monster No. 2. It may be impossible for even the Six Paths to reverse this war situation. Even Moriya, one of his followers, was beginning to think so.

At least, Rodcorte in the divine realm said, ``Kill yourself now and come here with just your soul! ” he would be shouting.

Since Moriya is like that, it's even more so for the presidents who were cooperating with the Rokudo out of interest rather than faith or trust.

In their heads, they are probably thinking of a plan to give up on Rokudou and escape from here, or to hide the fact that they were cooperating with them, or to manipulate information so as to limit the damage as much as possible.

...It's already too late for the President of the United States and the head of the intelligence agency, since a coup d'état has taken place in their home country.

``Thank you everyone for waiting.''

At that moment, Rokudou's figure was displayed on a large monitor installed on the wall.

“Mr. Rokudo!?”

``The final adjustments have just been completed. I'm really sorry for keeping all of you busy people waiting.''

“What?! So, will we finally get eternal life!?”

“Hurry up, the [Bravers] are attacking from the ground!”

“Please calm down. First, I will acquire the power of death-attribute magic, and then I will share it with you all.''

Moriya could only watch anxiously through the monitor as Rokudo explained.

I'll leave the final adjustments up to you. After securing Mei Amemiya and researching her, Rokudou was supposed to test the results of his research on himself.

However, Mei Amemiya has not been secured.

"Rokudou-san, I didn't expect it..."

The culture capsule behind Rokudou is displayed on the monitor. In the liquid that fills the capsule, a man similar to Rokudou, but much larger and more muscular, floats with his eyes closed.

“First, I have to die. And, living in a body created and adjusted for this death-attribute magic... I must be reincarnated!

 for that! I spent more than a year building a system that would allow a soul whose existence was confirmed to reside and settle in another body after leaving the body! Is that correct, and is my research correct...I now know! ”

Rokudo shouted as he took out a pistol and pressed it to his temple.

"Rokudo-san! Don't hurry!"

"Mr.! What are you planning to do!?"

Immediately, Moriya screams, and the presidents notice that something is wrong with him and start making a fuss.

"Now...I'm going to become a superhuman! ”

However, Rokudo pulled the trigger. A dry gunshot sounds, blood sprays from Rokudou's head, and he collapses, no longer visible on the monitor.

Both Moriya and the president froze at the events, but the silence didn't last long.

That's because the eyelids of the man who looked exactly like Rokudou, who was floating in the culture capsule, opened.

“...Fuhahahahahahahaha! I have finally obtained the power to control death and this world! ”

The culture capsule was shattered from the inside, and the monitor showed Rokudo successfully reincarnated.

We apologize for the inconvenience, but the next episode will be posted on May 2nd instead of May 1st. I'm late in writing this, and it ended on April 27th, so I hope you'll understand that this is to secure time to write the next chapter.