Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 349: The expanding battlefield and the revealed identity

Also, it will not be slow.

"It's okay, I'm afraid of the monsters. It's a swelling!

As a monster, Borzofoi, who is trying to look at the guards, smilingly shakes the cane, distorted the space around the mu。s of Minotaulos, where the skin of the whole body becomes metal, and played the right shoulder of the magic.

“Gamooooo!? Gaiaaaa!”

It is an advanced magic that destroys the object by using the power to return to the original by distorting the space. However, the mutations of Minotaurus, which is a high ranked monster, can not be defeated even if the right arm and shoulder are turned into pieces. Turn the dwarf magician into the left arm and shake the axes.

"[Life Balance]!"

However, sudden 芽s emerged from the pattern of the axes by the magic of Kalinear, and the mutations of Minotauros grew to grow.

“Gumoooo.........”

Then, the roots breathe and breathe. The mutations of Minotaurus, which had already been severely wound by the magnitude of Borzofoi, were not tolerated, leaving only the skin and bone of the metal fading.

“Oh, now, Mr. Smith. Go ahead

”Kaishin...Maruku”

“Oh, I’m so happy to hear you!”

“If you send this person to a preliminary school, you will always be back!”

For those who have been defended by two people, we remember their faces and names to be reported frequently. Smith and Marc are going to be a preliminary school to protect the public.

However, the entrance of the dungeon, which the six roads created, is also appearing around the preliminary school of the city, and the way to there.

However, the magic that emerged from the gate was dropped by the neck, from just wiburn toムrm ドラゴン, from aga to Minotaulos hiking.

"I'm台ing, I'm台ing!"

Dr. Dandrip, an extraordinary lecturer, was “True”.

Next, I slaughter the magic that appears from the gate with a short sword, bow, and a spirit mage. Still, the face of Randolph had intense a  and irritation.

"At the same time, it was unexpected to appear countless magical objects in the city. ...... Thanks to me, I could not have enough time to conceal the appearance and   it!

He was a preliminary school that he was working at today. He was asked by Vandalu because he protects teachers and students and protects school buildings and underground dungeons when he was evacuated.

And Randolph intuitively caught out of the emergency and defeated dozens of magic in a moment.

In addition, I saw only the magic that I want to see from Randolph, but there are many. The gate has a certain distance with other gates. For this reason, it is necessary to demonstrate the power to protect the city and school building.

It is a great power. I have destroyed the head and heart of the magic without causing damage to the surroundings!

“Is the rumor that Dr. Dandrip might be Randolph?”

As a result, other instructors who went out after Randolph had their own body.

Home ......So I said that I should make a mistake."

Meolilis sighed to Randlph, who instantaneously kills the newly emerged wizard while holding his head with one hand.

If Randolph reveals his identity in Vanderou and asks him, “I don’t want to publicly do so much,” he might be able to prepare a fake Dunderlip teacher to secure allies.

"Fucking, it is impossible to change red hair for a while."

“I think it’s blue or green?”

"...I will go to the square just a little big street"

And then, Randruff was running like a wind while killing magic.言葉aking of words, it is not possible to evacuate to people while evacuating the mage to the plaza of Odori.

Meolilis penetrates with a high-speed penetration by rapiers, a giant tokaze-like magic, and a load-buddy risk.

!」

It was a road buzz risk to crush both eyes and scream, but the tongue flew out from the mouth of the next moment, and the third [the magnolia of silica] about the tip was reflected meoriris.

"[Silver Flash]!"

However, Meolilis has never become a stone statue, and he has made a third look at the road basil. I continued to smear it as a huge tortoise with the greatest weapon.

"Susuga ...... ...! The name and skill of "Sashimi Star" is healthy!"

One of the instructors reviews this vivid hand. Meolilis was an A-class adventurer who is regarded as "stinging stars" from the speed of the stinging that is in its present era.

However, I had a lot of faces.

"It was duller than I thought. I feel that the body is heavier than the current era. So how do you like when you were攻略 A-class dungeon like every day?

“Is it possible to learn dance at the place of Kanako? Mai is going to be a martial art?” Also, it will be a diet.

"Land ruf, I can see that there is a bad mood to hide the body, but it is not very popular among the eight. What was the square?

There is no problem in the square of the aristocrat. I had a great time with young people. There is no problem with housing and slum. “The advanced aristocratic city is not to say.”

“I know you’ve been aware of this situation without having to take a minute!”

One of the instructors was surprised and surprised at Randolph. Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of choice, is a large city with a population of about millions. In just a minute, you shouldn’t be able to beat the magic.

“I don’t know it.” I've just turned around the commercial plaza from the plaza in front of the noble town, and finally I've left the mage that had been left off the road. Most of them are only heard from the spirit of the wind, and they are not seen.

So, if it is not enough standard, the instructor stunned to see Randruff.

After all, the power of the S-class adventurer ran up to say that he re ed is amazing. If you have this person, you can overcome this crisis. I thought.

"Oh, I'm not sure that the damage will not occur even if I say it is okay. If the oil is broken, it will be broken down. If you have a time to be amazed, you can fight!

"I'm sorry!"

I saw it in Randolph, and the other instructors were cured and scolded. Go to the magic that is going to appear again from the gate while 冷ing cold and sweat.

“T ! Don’t forget to go inside the gate! You know when the gate is closed with the power of the evil gods who操e the magic! You will continue to fight until the flock and die!”

“Where do you hear it?”

"Vandalu's use magic." The other side of the gate is the dungeon that the sixth road is dom , so I was told that I should not enter other than the force that can be disposable.

。 So, finally, did you get the original?

"No, I was attacked and defeated by mistake with the magic. I just said that information, but it disappeared.

"... I'll apologize later."

In other words, meorilis defeats the magic that the instructors defeated.

“So, is dungeon true? If that’s true, you’re dom  hundreds of dungeons you think?”

“I don’t hear it so far... six-way dungeons dom、 by them are only one of the vast ones.”

Randolph said his own guess when he answered it.

The gate’s shape is the same as the entrance, the type and strength of the magic that appears, and the appearance pace of the magic is too loose when hundreds of dungeons are running.

“If the gate is dungeons each by one, and that’s a runaway, the magic will continue to appear like avalanche from each gate. That's not the case, but it's not the only thing that pops up."

"I thought that the entrance of the dungeon is only one, is there an exception?"

But it’s a messy opposite”

If you have only one dungeon entrance, the surroundings will be destroyed, but you can suppress the expansion of the damage by aligning the forces and surrounding the entrance. However, it is impossible because there is an entrance in the city.

While Meolilis listens to the聞いてulation of Randolph, the neighboring residents who have been evacuated will be guided to the instructors in the school.

It is difficult to understand from the appearance of this school, but it is made more specifically than the fort of the same. It is because it manages the dungeon underground of the school building.

Even if the dungeon ran out, it is designed to cope with the magic in the school building.

"I don't know from the inside even though it is strong from the inside. This is because it is a city that is protected by a strong castle wall. If you are evacuated to dungeon, there may be no school building. Well, don’t you?

So, do you have to beat the incident?

"... Even if you defeat the creator, dungeon is limited to stopping the function. If the evacuation has not yet been killed in Vandalu, it will go.

Are you good for your students?

“Oh, except Paulina and its party members, they are cleaning up with dungeons with the instructors who are concerned about fighting outside. Don't worry

Fortunately, the gate that is the entrance of the dungeon has appeared only outdoors. It’s unclear whether the sixth road was able to see the magical objects appearing in the city to burn Vanderou, or just the outdoors.

Therefore, there were many magical objects appearing in the warehouse that no one was, and there were no gates inside other dungeons.

Thanks, I didn’t have a dungeon prepared by Vandaloo as a shelter.

However, it is not possible to use all shelters immediately.

At that time, the teachers and students of the former C-class adventurer who entered the dungeon, which is managed by the early preparatory school, continued to fight.

"It's the same as a practical training! If you don't break the oil, you can win it!"

"I want to spread the safety zone for people who come to evacuation!"

If you’re wondering, they’ve been attacked by dungeons to ensure safety zones that are escaped by people on the ground rather than first evacuated.

Since it is a dungeon managed daily, the first magic is weak and few. However, it becomes a threat to the monsters of rank 1 and 2 to the general public.

In addition, because the first and second layers of relatively safe look like underground ruins, the area that can be used is narrow. It becomes a hierarchy of the middle layer of grassland, wilderness, and forest, where the magic that emerges will become stronger.

However, it is safer than the ground because the majority of the monsters outside are superior to this dungeon boss.

There were two parties at the beginning of the student. ALEX PARTY

“The first and second floors are reserved for other students, and we’ll work with the instructors who follow up immediately! Let’s go through the stairs!”

"Oh! I can't lose it!"

In other words, Robin will slaughter the two-way spears on the left and right hand and slaughter the goリン and giant bats.

The first and second tiers are weak, and there are fewer 物facts, and the teachers of the former adventurers and students who are powerful like Alex will have an overwar power. Therefore, they were aiming for the third layer that the rank of the magic that appears.

“How do you keep up with this?”

“Oh, it was an accidental dungeon practice.”

A rabbit beast and half-elf ベルbells continue to talk. But Alex said.

“I know it’s difficult, but I’m not able to take out the fights outside. If you do, you just have to do it! Like Elizabeth!

At that time, the four-layer dungeon party of Elizabeth, who is aiming for Alex, has been devoted to the magicians.

"Uohooooooooo! [T】 pens]! "

"Nuooooooooo! [Provocative]! "

【Flame!】

"It's a little! I'll fly from the beginning and consume the magic and power too much!"

That’s why Elizabeth was a tribute to defeating magic. The overall silhouette is a knight of giants wearing lacquer black armor, but the head and chest are filled with huge eyes. The arms are produced one by one from the left and right shoulders and one by one from the back and back.

The voice is a boy who has a little young, but it is a 景endously shouting, wanting to shake the spears and swords, and the術 that releases the magic from the cane was the魔 of the magic that should not be known.

Well, did Elizabeth have made a s ptural mage by profiling Vandalou?

“Mact, Torus, Euzefg!”

"I'm listening, Elizabeth! "

The morphology was the magnitude of the クトer of the party member of Elizabeth, the Torus of the sword and shield, and the Uzev of the magician.

They were using a modified armor based on the armor of the defence of the Expo that was received from Vandaloo. The appearance is a monster-like powerd suit, but with two sub-arms to help ensure a視 of three hundred and sixty degrees and help combat and posture control, the defense is guaranteed to be able to withstand even if it is based on Mountain Giant.

"But don't worry! This variant is amazingly sturdy and sturdy, and it's not just magic, but it's more magical than usual! "

“You can also get a Minotaurus attack!”

"I want to ride tone!"

The magnitude of the excitement was flying from the zona.

“It’s a special equipment that Van rented this time.”

“Yes, if you are pregnant, you can’t get your armor if you don’t have more lessons.”

Zona and Maheria, followed by her, and Elizabeth also use a disguise. This is an improved general purpose thing that I wear before.

"No, I think I was saying that the lesson is not related ..."

"Please take it, you are doing it. Dancers lead to martial arts.

......

Euzev to the pressure of Maheria. Elizabeth gave instructions while understanding the appearance of the魔atures.

"The purpose has changed from the課題 of practical tasks to the thorough removal of magic, so switch head. I don’t know how many people will evacuate, but I think the lower than the three layers will be the main shelter.

If there is a magical thing, Vandaloo is more overprotected!

ザzabeth is not on the ground where Vandaloos are fighting, but they are in the dungeon of the preparatory school of the city because they were judged to be "the first line is still early".

That’s why I had to wait in a dungeon that was planned to be used as a evacuation shelter when I was.

ザsabス is not considered at all. However, just relying on the power of her.

“Is it overprotected?”

In the case of communication and the case of one, the use of the King is integrated.

“Over protection!”

Elizabeth said to his wife’s demons.

People were screaming in the senior aristocratic district, which is far from the preparatory school where commercial districts and Randolphs who are active candidates.

“Oh!”

“Welcome to help!”

However, the aristocrats living in the neighborhood and those who serve them ignored the evacuation induction and tried to deal with them.

Because they hire knights, soldiers and former adventurers. The defending power was getting up in the sky above the royal castle, and it was close to the escort aristocrat.

Therefore, the people who came out outdoors when the gate appeared immediately.

「ＧＵＲＵ？」

"Hide, Hii!"

However, it was only a powerful mage that can only be used to earn time as a meat wall in兵士 soldiers and knights.

Of course, it is not uncommon to see the Duke and the Marquis, who have a residence in the senior aristocratic city, has an escort of the former B-class adventurer and a knight comparable to it. Sometimes the house is able to retire the magic that appeared.

“Well, it’s too many! Do you not come from the castle?”

“How many people are fighting in the sky above the castle! Do you think it will come in such a situation?”

Knights and escorts that were packed in the villa of the Dolmad Marquis, the Marquis of Terkatanis, and the Duchess of Caubit and the Duchess of Hartner were able to make the first opponent of the magic that appeared around their residence.

It prevents the damage of flame and thunder before the gate. However, from the gate where there is no power to fight against the monster, the second and the third monster are appearing.

"I can't bring it very much, but if you do this, you only have to run away from the wife ...!"

“It’s impossible to escape! The gate where the monsters come out is not just here, but it’s here!”

“Is it possible to get away even in the underground room?” If you are lucky, it may be helpful!

』

In front of the escorts talking with a sad look, the rank 10 Adamanty Goム was approached.

。 Well, it's time to get away from the center.

The knight has a iron sword coated by Misril.

"It's too fast!"

At that time, the fist bone came down with a scream.

“Well...?”

』

Suddenly flying fist...The metal basket was squeezed into the head of Adamanty Goム. A knight that gives a cheering voice while cheering to the cheer.

“What is stuning!”

When I think that the rumors resonated again, the baskets flew and then hit the knees of Adamantight Goム.

“It’s a bad match with Goム! If you have time to look at it, you’ll want to defeat other monsters, and you’ll want to protect your Lord!”

As Adamanty Goム rushed one knee, the Knights were able to see the appearance of the Lord of声ry. It seems that there are no arms in a petite影dow that only the heart of their own.

“Oh, you’re a Knight of the Millen』...!”

"If you have a time to call my name, you can move! If you run away, you can head to the Royal House of Zakart, not the basement room, or the Royal House of Alkrem!"

"Yes!"

"I'm sure that this will be the best!"

The Knights of the Thousands of Blades, who helped the Baldilia, were divided into two hands, and on the other hand, they went back to the house to evacuate their families.

」

』

A basket that had been destroyed by Adamantyto Goム was worn on the arm back to the original of Bardilia. This is not the same as Simon and Natana’s prosthetics, her new arm...

Externally, Bardilia has lost his arms in the former Skulla Autonomous deprivation strategy, but it is not true. This is a special living armor made by Vandalu to make it erroneous.

』

It should be said to be rank 10 or Adamantite Gorem will rise again even if the head and one knee are scratched.

“... I’m not compatible with me as I said earlier.”

』

"Knight of the Thousands of Blades" Bardilia It is a person who flies and bones whose whole body is red with the return blood of the magic.

"It is impossible to prevent our blades in Adamantite! "

He was able to cut the bones of the whole body into the blade, and immediately he rose the five bodies of Adamanty Goム.

“Is it meaningless before the absolute power difference?” I need to be stronger in order to become the power of my sister."

Bardilia renews its deter  to see the active participation of bones. The nobleness of the noble has become bigger in other places.

“I’m really happy!”

“Who can help?”

“So I’m helping...”

The people, escorts, and knights and aristocrats, etc., who were surprised by the sudden appearance of the magic, are wrapped and protected.

"Don't run away, give up and be accommodated to me! The bad people in the busy season! "

by Silky Zakart Mansion.

The silky that the main body is in the house cannot move, so it should be active as a shelter. However, she is a ghost house with no strangers in the noble town.

Therefore, there was no one who escaped her legs from herself, even if he said in words. That’s why they came out to exercise.

"Gluoaaaa! I'm so excited!"

"I don't miss it! I'm all alive! "

』

"It's a magical thing! We earn time! Take it in the meantime!"

The deep soccer gardeners of the mouth ripped up to the bloody eyes, protect the people who escape, and carry the silky water with jubocco tied in a tsut. The Braga Tatsuna Ninja team had the opponents of the magic that would be the main cause of rescue activities.

"It's so sucked, it may be fat!"

“So, let’s do it? You just need to increase the number of像s and statues.”

Aisen and Belmond were the opponents of the magic that attempted to penetrate beyond the fence of Silky Zakart Mansion.

Aisen stings the branches that grow from the back to the monsters and sucks the nutrients, and the threads that操e Bermond make the magical.

However, it is not only people who fall into panic and fly outside the house. Since the magic is only outdoor, many people stayed in the house.

However, the rank of the magic that appears is too high. Even if there is an emergency shelter in the basement, the high-ranked monsters release a single shot and the magic can open a large hole on the ground. In addition, I noticed the position of a survivor hidden by sharp olfactory and special hearing.

In the current Orbaum where such high-ranked magic can not count, it will not be able to survive if the extra luck is not good.

"I found it!"

“Well, it’s!? I’m a horse carriage from the ceiling!”

Even in a house, nobles who escaped to the basement were found by Sam.

"It's dangerous! Please ride it!"

Of course, the purpose is rescue.

[Sub-space running] He has a skill and he runs a sub-space to get through the building and rescues the people in the room.

“What is suddenly appearing? When you leave your life?”

However, it is not only a person who can ride a suspicious horse carriage in the words of the man who suddenly appeared from the ceiling and the wall. This aristocratic was the same.

“Let’s get on and take care of you?”

However, the beauty of the redhead that appeared from the horror...The moment attitude of seeing the eleonola has changed.

"Yes! You'll follow me soon!"

By the command of the aristocratic who was fasc。 by Eleanor's [the fascinating witch], all of the family and the user took on the carriage, including himself.

The outer view is only a three-storied horse carriage, but the size of the ship is 1024 times by the [Spatial Expansion] skill that grew to 10 levels.

Not only the aristocratic and its family, it is also possible to protect all users and escorts.

[The magical maze] the effect is broken and the nobility is of course noisy, but it is quickly sed.

"It's an emergency now, let's eat it."

“Oh, you’re in Arkurem!? You’re here!”

“I’m working on you...”

“There’s no time to explain! Now it’s an emergency, just follow my instructions!”

The aristocratic who was said to be pianist was forced to become an adult. And Arkurem's Baron faces the ship and talks to Sam.

According to [Life Sensing], the next is the basement of the next residence.

。 Thank you for your support.

It was a marie of [metamorph], the mas。ine of the Arkurem, which should not be here.

"But if you can make it with [Metamorph], is it better than Kobit Choo? I can change because I see my face once."

“It’s important.” It will be a troublesome thing later because it is a death sentence when 王ofing the King. “I’m okay because I’m getting permission from him.”

A document called "hired as a武dow" has already been created for the time it was difficult later. However, there is no problem with her.

“We will turn to help to return to the Silky’s place!”

Then Sam went back to sub-space.

――――――――――――――

Name: Elizabeth Sauron

Race: race

Age: 13

Two names: [Princess] [illegitimate child] [Daughter of the Great Demon King] (NEW!) [Vandalu Possessed] (NEW!)

Job: Magical girl

Level: 49

Job history: Apprentice magician, warrior, magician, magic sword user, transformation magician, transformation swordsman

・Passive skills

Fatigue resistance: 2Lv (UP!)

Mental resistance: 2Lv (UP!)

Disease resistance: 2Lv (Integrate & UP disease resistance!)

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 1Lv (NEW!)

Self-strengthening: Transformation: 1Lv (NEW!)

Magic power increase: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Housework: 2Lv

Etiquette: 1Lv

Horse riding: 1Lv

Spearmanship: 1Lv

Breaking the limit: 5Lv (UP!)

Non-attribute magic: 3Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 5Lv (UP!)

Earth attribute magic: 4Lv (UP!)

Fire attribute magic: 3Lv (UP!)

Life attribute magic: 4Lv (UP!)

Swordsmanship: 3Lv (UP!)

Shield technique: 1Lv

Demolition: 1Lv

Magic sword limit breakthrough: 2Lv (UP!)

Familiar demon: 1Lv (NEW!)

Butoh: 2Lv (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection (NEW!)

Vida's protection (NEW!)

Name: Zona Chinos

Race: Dwarf

Age: 15

Two names:

Job: Pole ax dancer

Level: 34

Job History: Servant, Apprentice Warrior, Warrior, Axeman, Magic Ax User, Magic Ax User

・Passive skills

night vision

Strengthening muscle strength: 6Lv (UP!)

Color: 3Lv (UP!)

Attack power enhancement when equipped with ax: Medium

Ability value enhancement: Guidance: 2Lv (NEW!)

Self-enhancement: Butoh: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Housework: 2Lv

Pillow thing: 1Lv

Chamber technique: 1Lv

Martial arts: 2Lv (UP!)

Ax technique: 5Lv (UP!)

Throwing technique: 3Lv (UP!)

Armor technique: 4Lv (UP!)

Stealth: 2Lv (UP!)

Demolition: 2Lv (UP!)

Presence detection: 3Lv (UP!)

Breaking the limit: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic ax limit breakthrough: 3Lv (UP!)

Familiar demon: 2Lv (NEW!)

Butoh: 3Lv (NEW!)

Singing: 1Lv (NEW!)

Non-attribute magic: 1Lv (NEW!)

Magic fighting technique: 1Lv (NEW!)

unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Vida's protection (NEW!)

Name: Sam

Rank: 11

Race: Dimension Conquest Carriage

Level: 51

・Passive skills

Spiritual body: 10Lv

Strength: 1Lv (awakened from superhuman strength!)

Rough road driving: 10Lv (UP!)

Shock resistance: 10Lv

Precision drive: 10Lv (UP!)

Maintain comfort: 10Lv

Killing recovery: 4Lv (UP!)

Space expansion: 10LV (UP!)

Air travel: 9Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Transport: 9Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 7Lv (UP!)

Subspace travel: 6Lv (UP!)

Magic power increase: 3Lv (UP!)

・Active skills

Stealth: 3Lv (UP!)

High speed driving: 8Lv (UP!)

Assault: 10Lv

Size change: 10Lv (UP!)

Spearmanship: 3Lv

Aura of fear: 9Lv (UP!)

Space attribute magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Time attribute magic: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic control: 5Lv (UP!)

Breaking the limit: 6Lv (UP!)

Familiar demon: 2LV (UP!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Zurvan's protection

Ricklent's blessing (NEW!)

- Monster explanation: Dimension Conquest Carriage written by Luciliano

A horse-drawn undead that conquers space. It doesn't mean you're actually conquering it, but it means you can freely run through space as if you were conquering it.

In front of this undead, no matter how strong the fort is, it is meaningless. The only things that can stand in the way are undead of the same kind, masters of spatial attribute magic, and holy barriers that keep undead at bay.

However, there are only a limited number of beings who can stand against a rank 11 undead, and an average barrier would be easily broken. Besides, the possibility of the same kind of monster existing is extremely low.

Although his combat ability is still low, it is extremely difficult to evade his [assault] that suddenly appears from subspace. Also, since you don't know what's on the cargo platform, if you're ever chased by Sam, I recommend that you surrender obediently.

And its main feature, its carrying capacity, easily exceeds that of a large sailing ship, and its livability is astonishing. Even in extremely cold regions or volcanic regions, a comfortable temperature and humidity are maintained inside the canopy.

Even when exposed to the fire dragon's breath, those in the cargo area will not feel the heat. ...I don't recommend trying it on Sam himself because it's hot, painful, and burns.

The next episode will be posted on December 14th.