Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Quiet story 58 The end of the third and the problem that does not end

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Sorry.

God, Rode Corte, whose rebirth, was not sad, or should be imp ed or 怒ent, and eventually only continued to drip the umami.

His deity was not delivered to Rokudo St., and he finally caused him. After that, [Barol], [Altemis], [Kutujin] died again.

It is good. Because it is originally a fight between the transsexuals, it is expected that the transsexuals die. If you were originally reborn to "Origin" to gain knowledge, technology and experience to develop "Ramda", this discussion was aものme. The place is snooped or snooped.

However, now there is a supreme purpose of reducing the number of humans who have been aware of Rodocolte by killing Vandalou and destroying the country he is cured.

For this reason, the development of the "Ramda" world is also the survival of the "Origin" world.論aking of the theory, the whole life of the world of "Origin" could be destroyed.

Originally, it is a world that refuses to throw away from the "Earth" coexistent regeneration system at the end of the "Ramda" where people who recognize Rodocolte themselves. Let's die, but it's better.

I was worried whether Vandalou crushed the soul. It is because it is still connected to the Lodo Corte wheel regeneration system.

And no longer want to crush the spirit of the reincarnation to be a force for Vanderlus.

However, the situation exceeded his expectations.

First of all, the soul of the people was safe, but the mind was broken. I'm crying too much of fear now. This is why you can fight Vanderou.

[Sleep Neil], [Altemis], [Ales] and [Kutseijin] were killed in particular was safe, but I was scared to see the state of [Barol].

And [Copy] is not crushed by the soul, but it is a state that is a waste man. It would be very helpful.

Well, they need to remove memory and personality and turn them into "Ramda", but the first problem is Hiroto Izumimiya.

As a rodocollete, I was expecting to neglect the dead attributes as a cedar of [Mジisher]. However, in reality, there is no more peaceful atmosphere, but there is no enemy. I made a cooperation system. In the state of A, even after one of the six roads is completed, the rain palace will not fight Vanderou.

Rodo Corte was also the edge of God, so that humans had more religious values. Because of such a repellent feeling, it is said that Kanko Azumimiya denies the dead attribute.

However, it was actually a negligence from the 観ical view, which is not related to religious repellent feeling, that Hiroto Azumimiya puts a lot of sacrifices to produce research and術.

Therefore, I did not seem to harm Vanderou, my daughter, and the sacrifice of the research that already has the ap  of the dead attribute. I didn’t know Rodo Corte.

He does not understand his personality and thoughts, even if he knows what he saw and when he was.

Then, Rokudo Sei rebirth with his own power and got the power of the dead attribute.

"Rokudo Sei builds his own reincarnation system and leads to God. Now, whether my app、、 or fortune is working......

It was true that Rokudo was the word “God”. He became a god of the body that he did not exist in the "Origin" world.

In the power of magic and strength, Vanderou is not only true giants and  s. However, the essence of God is not a fighting ability. It will be clear at the time Rodo Corte is God.

Rokumichi-san became a god who is working on the gods of revival.

It is suspicious whether or not the apprentice or luck of the same god, Rodo Corte. It seems that the cheat ability given is working, so it will not be completely lost.

“What do you do in this case?”

The reincarnation, the subturbation, who was used to show the state of Lodcorte, will come to ask.

』

However, Lodcorte did not have the answer to the question.

He didn’t give up or fortune to humans. He doesn’t know what happens if a person who gave up has reached the area of God.

There is no status system in "Origin". Therefore, I could not check whether the護 or luck that Rodo Corte gave on the sixth road is functioning.

It seems that it is currently working. It is obviously caused by "good luck". However, if it works after this......

What’s more, can I recover my soul as the sixth road died?

Rokudo not only became God, but also completed a new regeneration system that belongs to himself. That’s why you can’t get the Rodo Corte while the system is enabled.

However, if the system administrator of the six roads die, the system may disappear and Rodo Corte may be able to hand out.

In other words, I don’t know what to do.

“Why don’t you always get my unexpected results?”

I can't give up because I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the inconvenience.

And finally, the moment of death came. Rod Corte believed that he would stretch his hands to recover his soul by seeing the situation at that time. After all, he feared to touch the souls of Vandaloo, which is wrapped by embodying his home.

Iを見るuse him to see the situation because he seems to have something soul bold.

The bander who didn't think to pull the肢mb of his own was delayed several times. After  ry, I threw the hand of the six-way, stretched the tongue and手を。, and tried to catch again.

!」

However, at the moment when the six-way screamed to操e blood and take the distance, the bander stopped catching him. Because the temperature of the six-way leg suddenly rises.

The six-way tries to do the same as the ignition of the burger instead of the ignition agent of the hand. In order to reduce the damage of the explosion, the bander that I noticed was only wrapped in a retardant film, which was known to be his goal.

A dull音 sound, and a smoke ejects from the gap of the film, which is like a bander mant.

Azumimiya tries to follow six times instead of a bander, but the blood from the six lanes rapidly evaporates and becomes a poisonous fog and prevents his hands.

】

This is a magecraft that only causes strong winds. However, the six-way had a hand for reversal.

"Did this!"

I screamed so that I released the shock wave of death. Banda immediately returned to the truth, and he solidified the protection of her, and the rainy palaces also reflexed.

However, I remembered the question whether the shock wave was released. You should know that it is not effective for anyone in this place.

!」

......

However, there were people who screamed the scream of the scream of the suicide.

"Six-way........................"

[Shaman] of the guardian Yukisuke, [Night] of Nabeshima, [One Dimension] of Yazaki. They were an enemy, but they didn’t wear a variant, and they had been removed from the subject of a shockwave.

And the sixth way, this time, they were intentionally included in the target and released a shock wave.

“Oh, when did you keep the subordinates used?”

“No, it’s different.” ......I missed the order to kill.

The bander answered the floor with the 鉤 claws on the stratum.

He saw the spirit of the dead guardians.

"Hhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! I am complete! I am full! I! I'm! I'm it! I'm! I'm it! I'm it! I'm it! I'm it! I'm it! I'm it! I'm it! I got the spirit I got me! I got me! I got me! I got me! I

There was a figure of the guardians who became the spirit around the sixth road that floated in the air and laughed so without the肢mb.

They laughed with a ghost, which gave the magical power of the six-way death attributes. The heart of those who have been devoted to faith from the predecessor to the Sixth Road has not changed even if they die.

“Who is it? I’m not perfect!? I’m the only difference between you and me!”

The six-way, which makes his eyes look crazy, asked the bander, but the bander only irritated and disliked the six-way.

I don’t think that the six-way is the same, but I know that he will not try to understand even if he explains it. Rather, the self-responsibility of showing a bad thing in the emotional education of the Plu  and Expo because they were not able to kill the guardians first and secure the spirit.

“If you see you now, you can realize the correctness of the words that you said earlier.”

However, there seems to have been a long relationship with the sixth road.

I have continued to say that the research of the Death Attribute should be prohibited. You are the same as other Attribute Magic. It is a problem of use.

Your words are correct. In my eyes, you and Banda are not only magical but also fundamentally different.

The figure of six roads without肢mbs, which are ghosted like a garment, releases the horribleness that is not inferior to the bander. However, it was a positive opposite.

A six-way that sacrifices the subordinates who worship themselves to survive and become special. Vendoru, who dispatched the body to protect the daughter of his own neglect, and made only the soul from another world to protect those who worship him.

It was clear whether the righteousness was seen from the rain palace, and now the sixth road was equal to the symbol of the use of the dead attribute he was disliked.

"Soundingly, only the number of given abilities is influenced by the legend!

“If you don’t support Mr. Rokudo, you wouldn’t be able to continue to be a leader!”

"Dおing only with excellent combat skills!"

The guardians who made them a ghost to the rain palace 言 up a言.

“Will you look like that?”

“What surprised, deric? We became part of the power of Rokudo! It was released from the body of the meat and sublimated to the use of God!”

There was no resent on six roads among the guardians. It was really true that they said. Faith is the real thing.

"Let's talk here"

And Rokudo began to振 their power by giving them their own magic. The appearance was similar to Vandalu's [The Dead Magic].

The Guardians are just ghosts, unlike the Princess of Levia. It is a small amount compared to Vandalu. So the effect is lower than Vanderou's [Ghost Magic] as well as [Ghost Magic].

However, there was a cheat ability not found in the Princess Levia.

Purple ice was born from the cross section of the shoulders and legs of the six-way, and he was touched instead of the lost leg. In addition, the magic of the dead attribute becomes black armor and protects his body.

“Let’s start the second round!”

And screaming, and then release the shock wave of death. I understand that this is not effective for the Rain Palace. But he did not miss the bander irritated each time he used.

If you release the shock wave of death, and for him, there is enough meaning to release the sixth road.

"Do not be pressured! Just bad!"

“I’m an attitude like I’m working out in the back of the reversal, but do you forget about that?”

On the other hand, the rain palace puts [lively shine] on the six roads, and the bander also shoots [the corner of the magic king].

They were界 that could disable the type of connection. In particular, the shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining shining.

Even in the world of suction magic, it is not possible to destroy the magic force because the magic force of the dead attribute is disappeared.

“You’re forgotten! Yumeal! And [One Dimension]!”

In response to the invincible attack, the six-way 霊s the artificial spirit of purple ice, which was ordered by the spirit of the guardian, by the [dimens] of Yazaki.

The trajectory of the [Witch King's Flaw] is相 from the sixth trajectory by not only the dead attribute but also the magic of the water attribute, created by using the spirit of the guardian and Yazaki, and the dinosaur of [Witching] was combined with the magic of the water attribute.

“Wow!? Do you have applied power to the six-way death attribute magic by following the ghost of the guardians?”

“Can Banda be the same thing?”

"I'm a little hard. But in another way, let’s work with you.

Bunders who turned behind the rainbow start something. That’s why Rokudo laughs and sings spells.

“T ’s, you’ve cast me up! I’m God and I’m conscious of death! It’s not denyable. However, it is true that you could not kill me even if you did your best!

Then, let the liquid of the affected 猛ent poisons be huge with [dimens], and throw it out towards the rainy palaces.

"I can't pull the弁er!"

“Blessings! Blessings to the Grass Trees that Challenge the Coarse God!”

“Will the spirit sleep?”

The bocole grows the plant that Josev sprouted instead of the soil, the dead of the guardians. It protects the rainy gulls from the deadly poisonous liquid of the six-way, and it is surpassed the six-way.

In addition, s、ing the patrons who became the spirit of the prosperity.

“Is it a弁? Is it right?”

The branch of the sharp spine that is approached by itself is deprived of vitality and prevented by withers. The santoman of the prosperity of the prosperity is not effective because it has a lot of magical power.

“Freeze!”

"[Magic bullets], too ... it!? "

Yuki Joro released a black ray to release more than [magic bullet] when the Expo was blowing six times.

"Haku, I see you sweetly ... Oh!?"

The coolness of Yukijoro was a six-way that was lightly prevented by the blue-white flame of the artificial spirit created by the guardian, but the result of the condensation of the magical power was released by accident [cannon], I was 。ed and じed.

However, it was impossible to avoid it completely, and [cannon] 掠ked into the armor of the maze of the dead attribute made in Nabeshima [Night], and some were crushed.

“I’m more troublesome than my father!”

"Oh, it's a proud child!"

?」

The six roads were shaken by crushing part of the armor at the Expo, and the rain palace jumped again with the gap that the attention was deviated. The hand is again held.

“You’ve been bored!”

The sixth road is a magecraft that has already been made, and it is thrown into the rainforest. I want to avoid the game because it is fatal if I hit the guards' ghost even now.

What?

However, the rainbow squeezed the sword with the aim of the neck and heart of the six-way.

The six-way was surprised, and the armor of the left arm was cut off. At that time, I noticed that the pattern of the manto of the rain palace has changed.

“You are you! Can you lend your power to your neglect?”

The pattern depicted in the manto is a magical team, and the death attribute magic that disappears poison was awarded to the transformation of the rainy palace. A six-way screamed that he realized that he made it was a bander, but the bander sew the mucus towards him.

"Pe, Pe, Pe," ... I always say that I'm just too much."

The six-way suppled 燃mmable mucus is again abusive, but the bander ignores it and heads to the Expo.

“How can I do my best with my paintings?”

That’s because the only weakness is gone. The magical power was transferred.

That's it, the magic of the moment was great!

"Yes, I was surprised, but I can't do it anymore."

The face is not visible because the thick disguise is assembled like a dress, but the voice of the Expo felt dark fatigue.

Even though it is excellent as a magecraft medium of the transforming apparatus, the original mage power is necessary. That's why I released a special [Magic bullet] and [Cannon] that I accidentally expressed by using a large amount of magic, but the amount of magic of the Expo is much less than the member of [Bevers].

That’s why the magical power is on the bottom.

"Now, I will transfer the magic power. So, do you shoot the black light again?

"Wow!? It seems that the body suddenly became light! Oh, it is!? Well, I can't. But when I shoot, my arms were surprised, and I might hit my father.

It is possible that even if you cooperate via [Angel] of your mother. Now, let’s use the eye of the disguise.

In the past, the collaboration that Josephs earned the time when the bander went to the majestic team to the manto of the Rain Palace was made possible by conveying the intention in the [Angel] of serum through the truth that is built in the film of the bander.

Likewise, I thought I should connect the Expo and Rain Palace with [Angel], but the precision control of [Cannon] seems difficult even if the Expo is a talented boy.

"I'm sorry..."

I don't care about it. I folded my arms and finger bones every time I shoot the same thing as the Expo. I'm so good at Hiroshi.

“... That’s a very dangerous magic. However, my father can win!?

......

In response to the support of members of the [Bevers] who connected the spirit with the [Angel] of Seimi, I was fighting more than six directions and each other.

His opponent who overcomes the poison that was not prevented by the disguise, and the sixth road is strong against the game. There is no time to sing the spell to use big magic.

For this reason, I am exercising the ability by measuring the magic of the dead attribute to the guardian and Yazaki, but it has not yet been used to the decision.

5 minutes

However, the rainy palace side is not attacking the sixth time. It is because the six-way is learning the dead attribute magic at a horrible speed and developing its own technique.

In addition, the magical power of the Rain Palace is not infinite. In particular, the Banda was recovered by [Magic Transfer], but [Mikiken] is a bad fuel economy.

Is it possible to defeat before the magic is exhausted and before the sixth road is sufficient? It becomes a part of the game.

“Now, I think I’m going to kill another time... I’m sure you’ll be aiming for you if you don’t rush anymore.”

However, if the bender enters full-fledged, it is sure to win the sixth road. The power of the bender is overwhelming though it became a few troubles by following the ghost of the guardians.

However, it is impossible to kill instantaneously because it became a number of troubles. It is not possible to use since the truth and the replacement strategy are wary.

If you can still win, if you can save the world, you will choose to fight the sixth way by entrusting the spirit of the fellows.

However, it is more important to bander than the world. The bander is only protected by the spirit. We are not going to protect the world until we redeem the soul of Vandaloo.

However, it is only to protect people, babysitters and body guards around the rain palace family, who have been guided by dreams that have not yet been in reality, believers of the eighth lead, and people who saw through the bender.

Is it about the righteousness to the god of origin? I didn’t have much consciousness.

"The soul of the body can not call the shock waves of death from time to time, and the outside is hard."

"Outside"

“I don’t want to hear it, but what do you do?”

"The bomber is like a featherworm, and it's swelling. In addition, let's drop the 弾ile bullet around and make it to the sea of fire."

In the outside, the Nordic Federation and the Republic of China, who learned when they were shot back, thought that it would be a weapon that can not fly with their own power, or was throwing an incision or bomb towards the soul of Vanderou.

【Emergency】 Even if the oxygen is burned by high heat flame, he is the soul, there is no effect, but there is no way to distract.

“It’s quiet now because I had the spirit of the presidents on the bomber, and it was a cursed bomber.”

"... Well, the base of Nordic and Chinese cuisine is the sea of fire this time."

I think the truth is a distant eye, but immediately I 気分ed and changed my mood.

“Is it possible to come to the body like this?” I don’t want to do so much.

I don’t know how much I can get when I come to a physical body, even though the physical law is different in the world alone.

It is still good if the influence of Vandalou is heading towards Vanderou, but if the physical laws of this world come out, it will not know what will happen.

However, if there is a certain lands。, you should defeat the sixth time and destroy his soul here.

When the bander seemed to cross the glimpse of the world in full-fledged, Vanderou felt that he was spreading himself.

“The God of Origins” had been assembled in the direction of defeating the sixth time by giving the guardian to the Rain Palace.

The policy was not changed even if the soul of Vanderou descended. ......If you look at individual mysteries, you should have finished the world anymore! Humanity, the end of the time has come! Some people say, "It is the demons! God is dead!"

The values are different because the gods of origin believe each. And there were few Gods who accepted the end of the world because the gods of religion that people believe are in.

However, many of them are hardened by "Anti-Rod Corte". All the gods that remedy the   of their own religion do not want to destroy the result of putting the   .

So, as a result of the dinosaurs taking care of Lodo Corte, even if the humanity is destroyed, this world's reincarnation is not. Because human beings are allowed to believe in the judgment of God.

If a man accepts a misunderstanding as "the trial of God", God also accepts "this is a trial we give". It is the "God of Origin" as a whole.

“Where is the body of Vandalu?

And the god of Pruto, which was born by the faith of the people of "Origin", was waiting for that time.

She is a pleot believed by the believers of “the eighth lead” and is not a pleotist who reborn on origin. However, Pluto is still alive in her.

That’s why Vandalu wanted her to intervene in this world.

"... I'm suffering from it."

』

However, she did not expect it. It was in the god of origin.

Gods born from existing religion are swaying, and the presence of countless eyeballs and mouths is spreading greatly.

“You are...!”

“Eh, Pluto.” Contact Us I'm not a part of me because of the current President of the United States.

Neutral voices of flat tone from many mouths.

“But I believe that people are me, and I have no way to pray as me. Therefore, I宣言 that I am part of me.

So let's give it to the Rain Palace as I said to me as "God of Origin". More than a few times

As one of the Gods of Origins, Vanderou, who became part of Vanderou, gave him an app。。 to the Rain Palace. If there is a physical mass in the defense, it can not kill.

I suddenly shined from the whole body of Iwamiya.

"It's power..."

At that moment, the magic that I consumed was recovered beyond the limits. The bruises and magic of the members of the Brambards, who created his brilliance, were instantly recovered, and on the contrary, the artificial spirits made by Rokudo disappeared.

“I’m sorry!? Is it still something hidden? Or is it a mir ?

The six-way squeezes the magical power of the dead attribute, condensing it into the shape of the sword.

“I don’t know if it’s a mirは... I feel like I’m exはded!”

However, the “lively sword” of Azumimiya isぶd with six-way swords with a sun-like shine.

“I’m sorry, but you can only be special!? I’m overwhelmingly superior!”

Rokudo shrimped the swords of lacquer black, and screamed with the shining swords of the rainy monastery.

"It's"

It was a man who believed that it was a friend of the rain palace, and I tried to say something.

Do you think that you are only dealing with your colleagues, and you have been blamed for that you have been cut off with flatness?

“――I have no qualification to say anything.” I'll ask him later."

However, he cuts black swords without telling his own thoughts when he breathes small, and he cuts the swords from the sixth head to the hip.

The scream of the end of the Sixth Road. However, he still came to this world.

“I’m still! I’m still over! I’m going to become a ghost, and you’re here!”

“I thought I should try it.”

The spirit of the sixth road, which became a ghost, was again destroyed in the [lively sword].

After the second slash, the spirit and body of the six-way lost power will disappear to the air.

。 You are too dangerous. Don’t leave your soul

For your own power-up and harassment to the bander, you can simply try to kill the world-wide non-dis  .

A part of the soul of Vandalou stretched at high speed and tried to eat the soul of the sixth way.

However, this is a different world for Vandaloo, and it was not a shock wave of death.

......

When I thought that I had crushed the soul of the sixth road, I realized that some of the other people are recovered quickly and I think.

How do I do?

......It was made in Nabeshima and Yazaki. It’s time to change the way of six.

Vandalou crushed the soul of Nabeshima and Yazaki, who eaves him rather than the sixth road. He has heard the intra-cerebral announcement that Vandalu's body in Ramda earns [night] and [dimens] and informs them that they are integrated into other skills.

And the souls of the remaining six lanes and the guardians were collected.

In this section, you may be able to reunite with "Ramda".

However, anyway, the case in "Origin" ended.

Let’s talk about the future. Fortunately, I will protect the people who were in the six-way experiment, including the truth.

What do you do for Joseph?

When I defeated the sixth time, I was relieved of the thread of the tension. In particular, I dropped the bomb of the Bunder on my wife.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. The update has been broken every four days.