Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 384: Diversionary Battle

There was no one in the Amidst the Holy Land, who was told by the Ailek Malme.

The politics, the military, and the people involved in the temple were watching. ......The kings and nobles of some nationals and Milg shields were intimidating, but they could not stand out.

It is because the word of the Emperor of Alda is the word of "Horaijin" Alda because it is changed from the empire to the holy country, and the word of the Emperor of Alda is the word of "Horaijin".

In particular, the Milg shield is saved by the Heinz logo dispatched by Amid。 when a part of the boundary became a motion arc mountain range. Therefore, it was not possible to counteract.

"How do I start the Holy War? The enemy is the other side of the boundary mountain range that has not yet been a trace of the human beings? As you can attack from the sea, there is a horrible magic, whi。pool and rocky reef waiting.

Is it impossible to attack from here?

However, in the way of saying opinion, Milg shield king questioned “Is it impossible?”

It seemed to be a king of opinions, not just swaying to the nation of the sect, but in the inner heart, it was horrible. It is because it is not going to command the兵edition of death to the soldiers of their country to force over the boundary mountains, or to land from the sea.

In the past, when the empire was still the empire, the Milg shield could not collapse. The emperor of the past is only rational and the value to maintain at the same time was in the Milg shield country.

However, the shield of the Orbaum kingdom of the Milg shield was over because of the movement of the boundary mountains, and its value was drastically reduced.

In addition, the Amid empire is transformed into a holy nation, and the new ruler Ayrek Malme is going to maintain a relationship with his home country as the former emperor. It was not impossible to think of the king of the Milg shield that he was going to cut too many soldiers at the end of the Holy War.

In the past, he was thinking of “seeing the appearance” to the sect who had changed to be a holy country, but as a result, he became aware of the danger of the holy country, and now he regretted the judgment of the sect which had previously fallen.

“Surely... there are no roads or tunnels that have already been used when the Milg shield country invades past.”

“How long does it take to open the tunnel?”

“No, you should fly on the sea with magic?”

“Do you think there were no predecessors who tried it in the past? They left our lessons with their lives?”

“Well, how about finding a tunnel that goes through the borders from the kingdom of Orbaum in conjunction with the Duchess of Fazon? More than that, there should be a tunnel on the side!”

“How many years are you going to do it? It’s so hard to find a tunnel that’s going to be a war while turning all the other Duchess of the Orbaum Kingdom to the enemy...”

In the first place, you can move the mountains. If you are in time, move the mountain range from the other side to attack!

The nobles of the Holy Land and the kings of the family and their subordinates, who were convened, express their opinions with too loud voice. The common thing to them is that they are not important in Amid .

On the other hand, those who are in an important position in Amid  are calm as if they know the conclusion from the beginning.

"Please calm down." The Lord Alda already tells us what we should do.

“God of the Night” by the trekking trekking trekking bellwood, the boundary of the mountains is divided and the path is opened.

It was a 識endous strategy to twist the common sense of the past with force.

However, many people convinced that it is possible.

In addition to the A-class adventurer, Schneダー, a S-class adventurer, is able to break and destroy a few hundred-metre-high mountain ranges.

However, it is impossible to destroy the mountains of the boundary mountains, which spans several thousand meters at an altitude. Even if it is possible to collapse, the result was a large amount of dirt collapsed into the Milg shield country, and then it was difficult to imagine that the mage of the boundary mountain range that collapsed the residence will push like clouds.

However, if you hit the sword of the sword of the sword, you should be able to divide the mountains. Because God designated as a means of starting the Holy War.

“If you do that, do you think that the monsters襲est in the boundary mountains will attack us again?”

However, the king of the Milg shield objected to believe it. If the strategy is executed, the main battlefield is because he is a Milg shield country that he can cure.

“After the Holy War is over, the rest is the entrance to the boundary. I would like to leave my country to select the position of the mountain range, by putting a measure to protect our country after the Holy War.”

When the entrance to the boundary in the mountain range gets a new territory, the king of the Milg Shield did not think of a missing piece.

If you’re wondering, it’s because you know that it’s a risky idea from valuable information and lesson.

All land in the boundary mountain range is a magical boundary, and it is not dangerous because there are many powerful monsters. In response to such a report, I examined court magicians and学者s to consider whether they could be a normal land, but there was a conclusion that it was impossible.

When purifying the magical precincts, it is a stone that purifies all the magical precincts that you want to clean. In some purification, even if you remove the magic within that range, new magic will continue to enter from the magical precinct outside the range. Therefore, in the boundary mountains where all the land is demolished, it is believed that the mage can not be purified by continuing to penetrate and purify from other mages during purification work.

Of course, it is possible to purify if you continue to remove the monsters that are invading for twenty-four hours, but it is not very現実 considering the necessary power and cost. It may be different if you want to move the boundary mountain range, or if you want to break.

What happens to the Milg shield country when it comes to such a dangerous place and the earth? It is unlikely that it will gradually be eroded by the magical precincts from the entrance of the valley divided by the mountains.

In order to do so, we need to build a fort to protect the earth by pushing the magic from the inside of the boundary.

In order to do so, it takes time per year, so it is the same as claiming to stop real holy war. However, as the king of the Milg shield, it must be claimed.

Don’t worry

However, it was a warm word, not the refusal of the Milg shield king.

“The Great God of Justice Alda already knows that world.”

“Is it true?”

Ayrek was nodded to the king of the Milgue shield, regardless of his eyes.

“When you win the Holy War, your anxiety will disappear all and you will not have any trouble.”

Ayrek, the king of the Milgue shield, prayed to God as he told him. I think it’s a男ility and more sad man.

“Horaijin” Alda understands that the Milg shield will become one of the battlefields by starting the Holy War, and the land resulting from the Holy War will be destroyed and a major damage from the beginning.

And after winning the Holy War, the Milg shield may destroy.

I understand it, but it is judged that it is "necessary sacrifice", and the sacrifice of the sacrifice is compassed by the mir、 shields of the sacrifice.

Ayrek knows it by God’s Deposit, and Alda did not intend to disseminate the “necessary sacrifice” and the Milg shield.

Rather, all the people of the Milg shield should be ha ly devoted to life while thanking Alda for its condolence.

That’s why Ayrek told me the truth to the Milg shield country.

Alda knows that the Milg shield country is anxious. And when you win the Holy War, the Milg shield country is already in the state that does not make the body as a country, so it will not be possible to think that Milg shield king will not be anxious, and it will not be anxious.

However, it is not because of the coldness that comes from the a ogance that only you think is an exception. Because it is a sheep of sacrifice in the life of Amid .

Ayrek knows that for Alda, he is also a sacrifice sheep, and the difference between the Milg shield is different from the possibility and time.

He also remembered the will of God and honored to be devoted to God this life, and he was delighted by his heart that he could cast life for the Holy War that will affect this world’s future.

s are nobles who know that the Milg shield is a sacrifice, but who believes that there is no such thing, from the Amid empire to the Amid sacrifice, and then the former emperor Marshkuzar.

They don’t know. In the。 case, Alda intends to move to the island where people live, by withdrawing the refugees who survived the Holy War from the entire Bahngaia continent as well as the Amid。.

Ayrek knowing everything was not going to teach them sadly.

At the same time, the Holy War was reported even in the Duchess of Fazon. The method of information transmission was not a super-class secretion and genius spatial attribute magician, which goes between the Duke Fゾン and the Amid .

The Alda Temple of the Duchess of Fゾン is not the owner of the talent that can accurately receive the deity of the Holy Spirit. However, there is no difference in the short content of starting the Holy War.

The Duchess of Fazon believes that he was born in this world, and he is not only the Duchess but also the Heroes.

The movement is of course large, and the information is transmitted to the Vidal Magic Empire.

In the castle of Tarosム, the capital of Vidal Magic Empire, Vandaloo opened his mouth after a while thinking.

“Indeed, I will be able to evacuate to the demons who have a country in the boundary of the Amid Sacred States ... I will understand even in my politics and military abbreviations, but this is like a 動 or a 動? Not only the Duchess of Fゾン, but also the movement of the Amid Sacred States.”

Yes, I agree

“It’s like that, so Vandalou”

Ira, who was a sacrifice of the former Milg shield country, was also a consensus of the wicked vampire who has been操ing human society for tens of thousands of years.

Amidst the nation’s splendid nations are coming to the boundary of the boundary for more than a month. In the center of the army, he said that the “five-colored blades” are waiting on a large scale horse carriage to maintain the perfect condition.

If you want to opponent a normal enemy country, it’s like you’re going to attack before you arrive at the boundary.

No, if Vandaloo is obsessing the conquest of the Amid。it。, the army may try to occupy the capital of the。it。 as soon as the army departs from the Amid。it。.

In other words, Alda wants to do so in Vanderou. Heinz, who does not show the appearance in the horse carriage in the center of the army, is a fake thing without thinking, and the real thing is waiting somewhere.

Not to think of the Duchess of Fazon, it’s a positive act. No matter how motivated the Duchess of Fazon, they have no direct edges with the Vidal Magic Empire.

Before crossing the boundary mountains in the land, you must first cross the Duchess of Birgit or the Duchess of Hartner, and in the sea, you should go through the magic of the magical sea and the rocky reefs in the same way as the Amid。.

Of course, for the Duke of the Kingdom of Orbaum, it is necessary to expand the defense line instead of the positive. The Orbaum Kingdom is a friend of the Vidal Magic Empire. Of course, I'm not going to do a high spot.

"Is it good to send the 軍s to each Duke's army according to the request, and the Majestic may keep the movement at any time?"

However, as Chezare said, it should be only when the defense line is packed so much. If not, it will crush the face of each Duke's army.

Even if the Fazon army is built into other dunes.

It is important that the procedure and the order should not be ignored in the politics of cy. ......Of course, there is an emergency that has no time to process, but in that case there is a nice word of consent.

And they will not hesitate to ask the Vidal Magic Empire.

"So, the heart of the heart is the movement of the Alda force. What do you think of moving behind a positive act?

It was Eleonola, the first time that Kurt, who is in the position of Vice-General and Vice-President of Chesare's brother.

“I’m trying to send a few elaborate forces centered on the real “five-colored blades” to this tarosム. I’m going to break down the junctions to the Amid-the Holy State’s positの, and I’m going to transfer to Tarosム to Nain Road or still the “God of the Mirror Statue” Lapan.

“Oh, in fact, the Heinz is already surpassed by the Duchess of FAZON, and may be aimed at the place where Vandalu rushed to the Duke of Birgit and the Katey’s Heartna.”

Aila followed by eleonola, but tells her a different guess. There are many people who compete with something, but now I can’t see how to talk with them or make meaningless。s.

“Is there a possibility that you have already dived into the Duchess of Jahan or the Duchess of Saulon? Because you can’t be imp ed by Gphadoghan orーン Du, you can just move in the spatial attribute magic outside and stay in the house until the time comes.”

However, when Zandia says that, everyone noticed that the range to be wary is too wide.

戦略 the Earth, humans in this world are individuals who have a戦略 of strategic weapons. Vandaloo, Schneダー, and Heinz’s “five-colored blades”

The world is not widely managed by the Earth. It is difficult to find if you are in the forest or forest between the city and the city.

The five-colored blade is an adventure party. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. You will be able to keep infiltrating even once a week.

“Well, I think it’s impossible to dive around the magical continent, galtland, etc., so I can remove it from the candidate.”

“It’s hard to find it before if you think it’s infiltrating.”

Kurt concluded. Vandalou has the limit to increase the use of the King. You can find the whole Kingdom of Orbaum by根 separating the grass roots. It is harder to mobilize the spirit and the undead.

"Vandalou may be possible, but it may be necessary only for this reason, there may be a decrease in usability, and the control of the magic may be sweetened by using the number of thoughts.

That might be the true target of the enemy.

"Yes, my mother." So, let’s just wait for the wizard to be used around the important world. ...... Well, I think that heinz doesn’t have to do that kind of thing.”

“What is the meaning of the second half of the word?”

"It is the meaning as it is, disciples."

Vandalou answered Lucia’s questions as he was half-eye, but he was prompted for further explanation, so he had a言me resistance and opened his mouth.

Heinz is not a person who learns pleasure by destroying people and cities. In particular, there are three types of people, elf and dwarf that Arda defines as humans. ......In addition, even in the new Vida race, if it is not possible for the human society, it would not be harmed."

Vandalou hates honey from the bottom of his heart and believes that if the honey disappears, the world is clear, there is no true happiness as long as the honey exists. If you are a serpentine or a serpentine, you can choose to be a serpentine and best friend.

However, Vandaloo was calm and timid to the extent that the information was distorted.

Heinz's "five-colored blade" is an adventurer's party, and Alda's followers. However, at the same time, it was not possible to persecute Vida believers and Vida new tribes living in the city. In the Duchess of Alcム, he moved to earn the same rights as the person and raised certain results.

It was not forgive to the tribes who had been a kind of witch, and who had been defending the witches and the witches who were attracting governments in the Duke of Fazon and the witches of the witches.

As Vandalou, I think that it’s totally different from those who want to forgive or miss it, but still Alda’s fanatics....

“So, you shouldn’t attack the city of the Kingdom of Orbaum only for the revival of the Maje、? But the Maje、 said that Alda can’t use the missingness of the soul of Gudulanis?”

"Cesare, certainly said, Alda and Heinz are different. Heinz is not an alda’s body, and he has never descended Alda.

Heinz is not the same as Alda. A separate existence that does not share thoughts or memories, and it can be enough to think of the life of the existence that Arda has established as "necessary sacrifice" in this war that Arda is positioned as the Holy War.

In particular, Alda believers still exist in the Duke of the Orbaum Kingdom.

“There are some people who can be divided because of the war, but I don’t think it can be done on the honey.” ...... I'm a little break.

In order to heal the stress that he did not intend to defend the honey, Vandaloo stopped his own activity as the main body.

Dalcia nodded to his opinion, emb ing Vandaloo, which was no longer moving while opening his eyes.

“Indeed, when I intervened in the fight of the revived Gudulanis and Vanderou, I had priority to defeat Gudulanis, not Vanderou.”

If you want to attack the town to attract a bouquet, you may not be able to. After inviting, he will be killed instantly.

If you only want to attract Vandalou, you can do it except honey. However, it’s about the honeysuckle of Vanderou after Zadilis invited. Because it is a supreme business that just stops his feet and earns time.

There are no other options to kill.

“Does Arda’s “Pile of Law” have to be wary? I think that Alda himself can be stinged and stinged with piles on the boulevard, and there is enough odds.”

Let’s answer this Gphadoghan, changing to a great Vanderlus. In that case, the great Vanderlus is enough if you pull it. In addition, it is possible to avoid even if you are unwilling.

The “Pile of the Law” of Arda, who is wary of Volks, is an absolute effect on God of Ramda. However, since it is a pile, it is impossible to demonstrate the effect if the Alda does not stick directly to the target.

In other words, it is not stinged if you draw it outside of the Alda. And because Alda is not a war god, it is not impossible to avoid the pile that he shakes because he does not have a high technology about combat even if he is power as God.

In myths, the “God of Space and Creation” Zulwarn and “The Magic of Time and Art” Rikutte have been punished by Alda’s “Pile of Law” several times. And in the battle of tens of thousands years ago, Vida was destroyed by the "Pile of Law".

However, it is not good at fighting because Zulwarn, Rikutha and Vida do not have a god of war. In addition, in the case of Zulwarn and Rikula, there is no intention to escape from the "Pile of Law", and it was penalized.

In the early days of this episode, the Magnolia Gudulanis came to this world, and all the great gods were aligned. Zulwarn and Lixus are essential for this world and are aware of the two pillars. So, at that time, there was no meaning to escape from the punishment of Alda, who was responsible for the law without problems.

If you receive punishment, you can align the shoulders with other gods as a great god, but if you just escape, the relationship between each other becomes worse. Therefore, I did not choose the evasion to slow down the flow of time around Alda.

And Vida was damaged by Berwood's attack, and it was not avoided because he received the "Pile of Law".

"But this is the strategy of Alda in the state where there is a limited time to exist because it descends on the ground, and the story is different if Alda descends on the re。ement.

If there is a high amount of workmanship in the recessation, it may be possible to shake the workmanship of the law.

It is the same as Dalcia who dropped the Vida into the body.

“In that case, it is best to bring us into the game, and the husband will get down to the distance that the pile does not reach.”

"Agree to Belmond's opinion"

“So, I can’t get back to the topic. What do you think everyone is aiming for?

“When you consider the opinions of the Maje。, you probably want to find a place where people do not hesitate to deprive their lives, and that’s where they will be deeply cut into it.

In other words, I think that the probability of coming to this tarosム is high.

The story of the story of the Devil’s re ement is the invasion of the enemy central by minority and the assassination of the King.

This is also an unpleasant story for Vandaloo, which is treated by the Magnolia.

“For the first time, let’s think about the eccentricity after thoroughly responding to Seorry Street.”

In the early days of the year, the Amid Saints and the Saints and the Saints and the Saints armies continued their progress.

The total number is about ten thousand. ...... It may seem that the number is small when combined with the total competence of the Amid  and the four members.

However, all of these tens are made of sharpness.

Even if you are a single bachelor, it is usually about to defeat the monster equivalent to the rank 2 but only the soldier who can fight against the opponent of rank 4 more than each other. The adventurous,殿us warriors and knights who are invited to participate are carefully selected by the C-class.

Beyond making Vandalou and its subst tions, weapons are only suitable for the shield of meat.

This is the number of people who have been trained in this few months. Of course, the Prince Ariake Malmo has been added. However, at the same time, the Holy War was only for the Alda forces.

Just as Vandaloos quickly looked around, there were no honeys "five-colored blades" in this Saints Army. They’re a fake ride on a horse carriage.

The Holy War also includes those who are not faithful to Alda.

(At the same time as the head of the temple, leave the full force from the war、)

(I understand whether Alda is really crazy.) However, there is no doubt that the alias is crazy)

(It is not Alda that we believe.) God’s Word

(Botin, you’ve been trained for this strength)

(Peria, I have given my知)

(Recuse me, take care of me)

(Zulwarn, 沌)

T。 who have been instructed by the priests who helped Vanderou, or who have been concealed by Alda. And those who were entrusted to the gods who moved to the Vida family, regardless of that.

All of them were not able to refuse to participate in the saint warriors, or they were not able to find the saint warriors and their friends.

Of course, they are not going to fight as a member of the Holy War.

It was not such a single rock, but it was a sacrificial warrior that was not a military that stacked a rock like a plate.

After a few hours, the boundary of the boundary is placed in the 軍 distance, and the carriages are destroyed instead of honey. I was supposed to attack from the entrance.

However, roaring sound from the mountain range suddenly sounded. It was like a giant monster roar, but I knew that it was not so much that they participated in the Holy War.

“The Mountain Ranges... The Mountain Ranges Are Moving Again!”

“Women! I’m going to finish it!”

While the Holy War approached, the valley was created with the Goム世, which was slowly dressed so that nothing was happening from them.

From the mountain range, there are countless magical objects. The group of Tiranosaurus, the roar, the hill giant running, the flying heidi shark swimming in the air, etc. are approached by the Holy War.

"Welcome!"

“Now, let’s go away!”

On the other hand, the saint army suddenly disturbed the foot. No, those who are 気mming with the Battle of the Magus, and those who are trying to take away from the Holy War as planned.

The conductor collapses in a moment, and the movements other than those trying to release are dull.

“Oh! Let’s kick!”

"Do not follow anyone who wants to escape!"

"Noble Oak"

On the other side, the “Kinno” Baux and the Vidal Imperial army led by Vigal and the Noble Oak army led by the Budalion were attacked.

“Have you waited outside the borders?”

That’s right. It’s a good way to see the mountains. And the 石endous magic group that came out from the valley is just a stone thrown away.

It was not a part of the Vidal Magic Empire army, just by当 and chasing from behind the magical object inside the border.

The first stage of the battle was the vidal empire's rumor.

Next story will be posted on September 3rd.

Also, the comical version of this work has been updated with Niconico Shizuku and Comic Walker, so please see it. Everyone is drawing well!