Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: 30 years old

Thank you for your understanding.

What do you mean when you are pushing a hand to heaven?

Yukiya Maruto, who knows three different worlds, seemed strange. That’s because it’s the same in the three worlds.

“If the world is known, it may be people.”

It may be a pathology because the structure of the figure and body are similar, and the society and values formed by mental structure and that are similar.

"Hiroya, it is a real escape?"

......

In the words of my colleague’s spring, I recalled Rodocorte, which is cheering.

"But I've recovered the soul of the six-way. I didn’t know if I can. So, did you become God?

As the subturbation says, turn the gaze into a handful of rodocorte that is not moving. There is a soul of Kosuke Moriya.

Rodo Corte is a god who controls reincarnation, but the soul of God has never been treated before outside his jurisdiction. There was a God who was originally human in Ramda. According to Rode Corte, he said that he handled his soul when he was human.

In addition, Rokudo Sei was built not only to be God, but also to its own revitalization system. No, it became God because we built a reincarnation system.

For that reason, Rodo Corte was not able to give hands and feet to the soul of the sixth way.

“It’s because the sixth road died and his regeneration system stopped working. Because God has to fall for some reason even after once, it was a reincarnation system in the case of six-way. Rokudo fell to a man from God because it stopped functioning by his death

The existence of God is not to be God. If there is any reason, it will be lost.

In the sixth way, he had brought him to God is his own regeneration system. However, it was only a device to revitalize to "Arc Aberon" for the sixth road, and only the necessary thing in the process of becoming God.

Therefore, after rebirth in "Arc Aberon", the sixth road was not paid at all attention to the used regeneration system. I had no idea how to maintain the system and how to use it other than him.

Therefore, when he died, the six-way regeneration system stopped function.

As a material device, it should still be present in "Origin". However, it seems that it is almost impossible to rebirth other than that device because of the memory of the sixth road in humanity.

For this reason, someone will never be God again using the device left in "Origin". It is different if you can design a new device from the information obtained by装置yzing the device. If you know the existence of the device, it will destroy the whole data.

“The sixth way in the fist is the soul of just a person?”

It is the soul of the former god. The amount of magic will not change. I think I have a dead attribute. That's right now.

“Oh, it’s just a sort of thing from God. ......I think it remains this when I rebirth in Rumda?

When rebirthing to Rumda, a big difference is born depending on whether the sixth is God or a person. If God, the status system is out of range. You can’t get a job and you can’t get a skill. However, if you are a person, you can earn skills by job.

If you are the latter, you will be able to demonstrate the power of "original" which is the six-way cheet ability "learning speed rise" and "growth limit invalidation".

“I don’t know it’s my Orクル.” It depends on how the gods who are reborn from another world interpret the status.

In addition, I don’t know if the sixth way can be reborn as it is.

In addition to mastering the magecraft of the dead attributes, the six-way system is created independently. For Rodocolte, there is no obstruction of the system, or the presence of God.

If Vandaloo is a bug that threatens the system, the sixth road is a merchant enemy.

However, there is a difference between heaven and earth in the scale and elaborateness of the regeneration system created by Rodo Corte and Rokudo.

“But did you think that you were going to revitalize?”

As the subturbation says, Rodo Corte recovered the soul of the guardian, with six directions before being eaten in Vanderou. To eat his soul, Vandalou stretched and thinned, and he got the gili spirit.

The soul of Nabeshima and Yazaki was eaten. Rodocollete is a part of his own power that he had given to two people, and he was disappointed by a severe pain.

“No, I don’t want to rebirth, but I could just recover it because I don’t give power to Vanderou.” Well, I'll be feeling that I'm now."

With Vandalou descended into his soul, he felt the soul of the former reincarnation in his soul. I also noticed that the power I gave in it was included.

If you think again, there is no strange thing. Vandalou is also eating the power of Lodcorte given to the trans r when eating the soul of the trans r. Since Vandalou has not confirmed the appearance of using other reincarnation’sー skills, it may be just a part of the powerful magic rather than just absorbing it and making it our thing.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. If Vandalou gets his six-way cheet abilities, it is likely that the growth that ignores his common sense becomes more intense. I was afraid that Rodo Corte could have hit the hand.

However, it seemed to be hard to make a big change even if the learning ability of Vandaloo is rising. There is no difference between the range of errors, but there is no difference in the extent that it is desperate and prevented.

And [Invalidation of growth limit] ... It seems that it was built from the beginning about Vandaloo. Even if you get it again, nothing will change.

You may just want to know that you will be able to魂 the souls of four people. In fact, two people are stunned and stunned.

“I think it was desperate because I thought this could be the last opportunity to secure a reincarnation that can be used as a fight for Vanderou.”

』

You can learn about what Vandalu talked with the Rain Palace and how it was used by the Senda. Therefore, they are building a cooperation system in a way that is close to the settlement.

From Vanderou, it is not going to be understood with Mr. Azumimiya, just prioritizing the well-being of Pluto and Expo. However, Mr. Azumimiya’s wife trusts Vandalou and trusts more than a certain degree. Never leave children.

It is believed that the credibility of Vanderou has become strong relative because there is no other country or organization that can be trusted in the world, which has been backed by six roads and friends who believe that it is the best friend. However, it is not possible that the rainy palaces will fight against Vandalu. It is difficult to think that it will be a full-fledged enemy relationship with  ence from the people of the Rain Palace.

It is not possible to記憶 personality and memory by Rodocolte before rebirth, unless the values are printed in the Alda Temple after rebirth.

However, it is difficult to say that it is a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a 雨宮 Hiroto and Seimi.

It is not only the wife of Azumimiya, but also the Iwao and Derrick. On the other hand, there is a possibility that other bakers who weren’t there, but if you ask what was there from Aramiya, it will be less likely.

Some people may neglect the existence of death from religious values, unlike rain palaces. However, it is one of the elephant-free reincarnations whose six-way was not particularly threatened.

I don’t expect much Rodocorte.

I see. What is the value of the six roads for Rodo Corte? The next problem is whether the sixth way is to hear something that is straightforward. If you are thinking, you can turn off your memory and knowledge, and you can rebirth it as just a human with theー skills. Death attributes can be something if they give the appropriateness of another attribute.

“I didn’t say that I couldn’t change before?”

“I think that when I’m doing a job and when I’m fired at the bottom of my work, I’m changing my speech. In addition, it seems to be the answer to the question from humans, saying that they have a lie answer to the question.

I had noded the spring and hard ya when I got it.

“Oh, the sixth way is the same as Rodo Corte. “I don’t know what we can do.”

"No, I'm speaking. It's troublesome, the mountain's

"...It was a little bit forgotten."

Before the subturbation, there was a soul of the reincarnations on the six-way side, such as Johnny Yamaoka of [Barol], and the Sugiura Seven Night of [Ales].

They pulled their knees and sat, and they 。ed their head. It is a spect  that makes you feel shy just by looking at it.

Although it is a relatively supple condition, it is not moving like a stone statue while he is also supple. The shock that the defeat of the sixth road gave them was large.

They all sweared their loyalty to the Sixth Road. It was so strong that it could be considered crazy. However, when the sixth road revived to "Arc Abalone", he forgot the wound of his heart and cheered.

I didn’t waste my dedication and death. It was the foundation of the birth of a new God, and when Johnny of [Barol], he cheered and 声ed up six times.

However, when the sixth road was lost, the uterus is cramped with a strong face.

First, I have explained that I can change to the next generation. Fortunately, Rod Corte was disappointed, and he told me how strong he is, and how strong it is.

However, it is doubtful whether they are in their head.

"Now, they will have to leave for a while. Honestly, I think about the poison of , but there is no righteousness.

They seem to have been shocked by their own believed beings lost, but they are all the betrayers of [Bevers]. I've never been backed up. They sweared Rokudo before Murakami 流 down to the 8th guide.

It is the opponent close to the enemy, not the fellow. Do not take care of the parent even after death.

"Oh, certainly. However, if you say that you can do anything else, how much maintenance of the regeneration system?

The subturbation reveals a reincarnation system of Lodcorte, which is causing countless errors while laughing.

Because the soul of Vanderou descended into "Origin", the people who saw him are guided in a。. In the middle, he is the beginning of the new century.

For Rodo Corte, it would not be that Vandaloo, who embodied the soul, did not leave words for the unspecified number of people, and did not tell the will.

Because of that, even if there are many people who are shocked by seeing its variants, it is originally cured by the "The 8th Guide" believer, or the degree of the person who is good with the guidance of Vandalou. It’s still a few million people.

By the way, people who are just sublime and interested are much more than that, and they become millions of people. They are not guided because they are only interested and interested in the different。s of the soul of Vanderou.

However, if Vandalou had some of the most common speeches for people around the world, they may have been guided.

If so, the alarm that tells the error will sound several times and dozens more than now, and the hard guys will be unable to speak.

For Rodo Corte, “Origin” was worth it, but since it was not possible to throw away due to Vandalou, it was still connected with the system. That is why.

Vandalu’s actions that protect the lives of the large population of “Origin” were successful to put a large load on the Lodcorte system around the world.

“As a result, will we increase the amount of our work, not Rodo Corte?”

"I don't want to do it." “I’m sorry.”

So, while spilling the silly, the subturbation was accustomed to the system maintenance.

[Night], [One Dimensional Master]

[Gorem Creation] was integrated with [Night]!

Vandaloo, who was one of the most important things in ‘Origin’, attended the entrance ceremony of the adventurer school with Paula. The school is not related to how difficult it is in the world.

"Mothers, I'm looking for two. It is not a good grade, nor a growth. It’s because it’s a matter of course that we enroll and aim for adventurers. It’s unmistakable fact that you have excellent qualities in the same generation of boys and . However, it is insufficient to be active as an adventurer!

Although the admission ceremony is short and simple in the ordinary adventurous school, it seems to be held firmly, including the precepts from the principal teacher if it becomes a preliminary school.

Elf’s female principal, whose voice has increased with a magic item, will be happy.

“Hey, I’m asking for the difference between the students of our school, and I’m encouraged to study with the schoolmates,” and “I don’t die after graduation!”

Apparently, this school seems to have a collision between students due to differences in the student population due to the admission of aristocratic disciple and common child every year. The adventurous is a profession that is not good at blood circulation, but is not good at school.

"Van...The story of the teacher, long ... I'm a little sleep"

“The story of Paulina is still short.”

The story of the principal of the school was shorter than the story of Mr. Vanderou.

However, there seems to be a limit in Paulina who is not used to such things.

“Van is flat?”

"Earth" is not serious. But now I think... I will sleep again.

Even if the story of Meolilis is short, it seems that if you hear the story of the principal, you will sleep.

[Invalidation of condition] It may be a powerful hypnotic weapon in a sense to memorize water witch in Vandalou with skills.

“Well, you’re alone?”

It was Vandaloo, who took a test with Paula, but the results of the entrance examination were divided.

After the talk of this principal, it is divided into classrooms for each class. We will announce the special field of expertise such as weapons, magic, and skills as a classmate to make it a reference when 組ing a party. This is the end of the day.

In other words, if you break the course, you will be able to meet Vanderou after the school finishes.

I think it’s okay. Everyone is here. Pauvina also has Levia Princess and Olbia.

』

“I’m talking about it!”

The Princess of Levia is 胸ed and contracted, and Orvia is a ghost, but it seems to be sleeping in a hypnotic weapon, but I can see my face.

And around Vanderou, there areーンs, Kimberley, Chiplus’s attribute ghosts, and gaffadoghan behind them.

It should be able to withstand even if you were not able to set up with anyone, because he is surrounded by many friends just by looking alone.

“In addition, we aim to be conscious of talking with everyone in the body when we become ざed.”

“What is the problem of mind?”

“I say that.”

In the world of Vanderou, there is still a spirit and ex . In fact, the water witch held by Hypnosis weapons is because they are talking about Vandalu and the King of Use of the World.

In the same environment as "Origin" which was in the pro ted area, [In  world] is not remodeled with a rapid pitch.

Because we accepted the treatment that everyone can live in Rumda.

“I promised my father to be able to return to the original world as soon as possible, but I think it is impossible even if it is one month or two months, next year.”

He said that he was treated. That’s why I’m in Vandaloo.

For this reason, the prohibition area in which the role was touched was returned to the same environment as other [the world in the body].

And their adaptability was not only physical, but also mental.

“I don’t have to do anything, so my work pace has increased.”

"It was good for everyone to get used to it early."

Initially, Vandalou was found that experimental bodies and victims other than the emigration and the Expo were frightened by the distortion of the demons of the demons.

I misunderstood the appearance by covering the body with a misalignment and cloth, hiding the number of limbs, and trying to move human. However, the work efficiency of the liver naturally falls. In the first place, it is a personality that Vandalou can not act. The consciousness is divided to how to do the underlying performance.

Because I didn’t want to do it, I used to shine my life and duo eyes, and worked with countless arms and手。s.

Vandaloo watched that it was deficiency from the place where the work was left. ...... I see that I work in my own sense, but I'm somewhat obsessive.

“When I went to Rikubo from far away, I saw a dream that Zulwan was comforting with my front foot and tail, but it was a short time I needed.”

“Who is Ricking and Zulwan?”

God of the World

In order to make the prohibited area the same environment as the world of origin, Vandalou first entered the area with the magical power of the time attribute that does not exist in "Origin".

That's why "the magic of time and art" Rikuri was relentless. The comfort of the recklessness of the three beautiful women, the old and young, and the appearance of the child was also very difficult in the space and the God of Creation, Zurwan.

"In addition, I used the ingredients of air, plants, bacteria, etc. Temperature and humidity

"Oh, I just recreated the air, and then I tried to殺菌ize the bacteria and viruses.

It’s a busy time for us to break down the magicians who have been stamped by stretching multiple legs and手を。s.

“Well, it’s true that I made a、 park? I’m not sure about it?”

"Eh, I made an。 park. We do not disassemble just by transfer. The power of the Attraction is not electricity, but the power of the magical power and the use of the magical power.

As one of the playgrounds of Pluto and Expo, Vanderou was not only a toy but also a small。 park. However, it is impossible to make a complex machine, so it is a magic item that動くs with magic rather than an electric motor, or it is a power supplement by動力ing pedals and。s.

“...human power”

"The ride system such as the dinosaur go round, is usually driven by the Mage King. It was easier than to move with magic."

In the prohibited area, we don’t use a goム made with the spirit of “Ramda”. The king was responsible for the replacement.

Under the game-go round where the horse and the horse carriage rotate together with the music, the morphological use magical king rotates and plays music. The inside of the haunted house's haunted doll is also the witch King.

“No, it’s not so... people?”

However, it seems that Hiro was not a question, but it was to say that “human power” is the power of the work of the use witch.

“I’m human because I’m getting used to the blander. That’s why I’m human.

“What’s it?”

Vendoru's論s are questionable. He was not convinced, and Vandaloo was indispensable.

(Hakuhari is different from you, it is not effective.) Should I think about the acquisition of sweets?)

"Haku, what do you do?" The class is open.

At that time, Gaエルel came to Hakubo.

“Yes, it’s important to get it?”

」

For the majority of the victims of the six-ways protected by Vandalou, including the Expo and Gaエルel, the school was created temporarily. Teachers will learn the language and mathematics of "Origin" with the undeads made by Puri.

It is because it is not free when you decide "Origin" in the future. If you are a victim who has not yet received a treatment that gives the power of the dead attribute, you may be able to live normally even if you return to "Origin".

Most likelihoods are decided to move to Ramda.

"By the way, I'm planning to start the class," about the words, magic, and legend of Hakuri Ramda, so please take it with me."

"It seems to be interesting, but if you think about studying, it feels subtle. More than that, let's see the magical training again!

"Let's look after study"

It is not serious, but it is necessary to respond to the credibility of Mr. Azumimiya. Even if it is not, it will be a future property for Expo, so I will take it.

Of course, put on a shelf where Vandalou himself remembers pressure on the school.

“T ’s a promise! If you lie, don’t give up!”

“I don’t say that much!”

Gaエルel draws his hands on a screaming horrible threat statement for Vandaloo and takes him to school.

By the way, the teacher is a ghost of the  s who supported the president and the secretary at "Origin". Because I have a good university, I will do my best even the seller who is backed by the country before birth.

After seeing Gaエルel and the Expo, Vandaloo, the world in the body, was headed to Ullika and the truth. They don’t need to study in normal sense, but other studies...

“I see, did you think that ”Origin” was right? That’s why the son of the child will make his debut and establish the position of top idle as it is.

Who has produced?

I don't know. The story of the idle was not necessary for the武dow of the sixth way."

"I want to know more..." I sing the theme song of the anime that I saw as Plu-chan, but I remember the name because it was the idle."

“...I don’t have any interest in idle, but I remembered my name. I didn’t remember the name of the singer until I met with jack.”

However, Kanako and eyes talking with two people with lunch mats in Kusahara were still in full-fledged solicitation.

“Is it?” Actually, she is a daughter of an idle age, i.e. a second-generation entertainer. That’s why it’s just a little bit of care.

"...Kanako is sociable outside the "Earth" and "地球 Bars". The image has changed considerably.

」

The truth and Ullika were conf  with the former impression that Kanako Tsuchiya of [Venus] reunion.

"Oh, it's because I'm going to die. 4 years ... Oh, it was 5 years?

“Do you remember?”

Yes. “It’s time to count the age because it’s e  age.”

I'm counting. Every day is an anniversary after becoming one of the jacks.

"...It may have changed my eyes from Kanako. Like a different person

Kanako and his eyes were touched with the truth that he reuniteed and the attitude of Urlika. Kanako says, “If you’re a rain palace, it’s better to say that even if you’re on the upper side, but it’s better for you.”

In addition, Plu is watched by four people and bander, and is creating a ギroñolo by extending the region.

“If you’re an everlasting age, don’t you have to bake your canako birthday cake anymore?”

“Wow!? It’s not said before, even though it’s a birthday that counts the age!”

When Vandalou said that, Kanako is  ry and gives protests to win the cake again this year. The truth and Ullika laughed.

After two people heard that Kanako is already one of Vandaloo’s婚s, and he was surprised to get out of his waist.

“Kanako” was the same class for “Earth” in “Mr. Me and the Mother of the Expo”. I don’t know what to happen, but I don’t know what to do.

The truth is, there is a big difference in the treatment of Canako and Seibi of Vandalou. Kanako is a fellow, but Narumi is the parent of the Pluto and Expo. In other words, it is not recognized as other value.

If you know it, you may have already married Hiroto Azumimiya, and you may not be wondering if you have already changed your memories. However, it may be very thin.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

If you know that Vandalou had a brain remodeling to Seibi, you will be 情pathetic.

For the truth, it is more important than the former colleagues of Seimi.

“Oh, I don’t have to make any kind of disguise. Even if it is a type that protects it for a while. Are there any requests?

"Oh, I would like to have a manto like a JOSEF and a rain palace. Helmet ......It seems to be useful when hiding faces and bodies."

“I’m still thinking about it.” [Metamorph] When you use it, it will help you change it together, but can you do it?

"After that, I need to reflect the stage."

"What is the stage??"

Two people say hope in the words of Vandalou. However, I was surprised to hear the canako sandwiched with the mouth with a natural tone.

“Stage reflection is important.” I don’t know whether to make a stage debut, but I don’t have to narrow down the options from the beginning.”

However, Kanako answered the face.

To make a smile, the eyes distort the lips.

“T。 people asked Vandalou to tell me a lot. So Vandalou introduced us to “a friend” Kanako, and convinced that he chose it?

I need to give up. I realized that the truth and ullika were put on the 。 in my eyes.

“Well, you can say that we will make our idle debut?”

"No, it will not, the truth." I’m a little older than I can see. I’m just a little older. There is no experience to dance. It’s mentally unstable.”

That’s right. I can only do the male part of social dance that was memorized for the six-way武d、."

There will be no entertainers who will make their debut as an idle in this condition even in "Origin" or "Earth". It may be different if the truth makes full use of [metamorph].

“I’m going to do that.” Two people are expecting newcomers! Please rest , this world of entertainment is more undeveloped than "Origin", so the competition is not intense, and the back shield is the dependency of the mountain range, so it will be something.

However, Idol, one of the most powerful producers in the entertainment industry of “Ramda”, pressed drums that weren’t desired by two.

"I'm serious!? Eyes!?"

"Oh, I've made my debut. Then, two people pulled and tried to become the same.

By the way, I love Pruto.、, even if you split it, you can transform it into a human figure for a while, then we have only stages."

“Oh!? The old friends are trying to 罠 me!”

“I’m Vandalou, but I’m the same person, so I think it’s a good thing to do self-expression by singing and dancing. I think it’s a good idea to actually make idle debut.”

Ullika clarifies to Vanderou for help, but unfortunately, Kanako says, “The back shield that is worth relying on the mountains” is his thing.

“It reduces stress, and Maito is said to go to Take.” Why don’t you be afraid?

“Oh... I’m sorry... if the bander says... I’m doing it.”

Ullika, who became a bitter eye, said nod. She is influenced by the bander, the spirit, and the exhilaration, and she thought, “Do you have done it?”

“Oh, if you think about it, you may be able to solve it if you put it in a group that does the same thing as others.”

The truth was that I was nodded to be convinced after susp  in the state of Ullika.

At this point, I don’t want to debut with two people in full-scale, but Kanako also knows that much, so I’ve put up my math in the future.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. Next, the close friend's home party, and the back dancer when you get used to Tarosム...Yes, you can see this flow!)

I think it’s idle. It is possible to make a debut if you want to make senses and feel the stage as part of life.

If you are a solo concert, you should think about it as a center of the group. There is a desire and orientation of the person.

People who work as an adventurer (explorer) rather than a stage, and those who are looking for績 will come out.

(The fighting training is left to Zadilis, so she should be sure to teach the charm as a gear for the transformation)

“Oh, I’m going to join a lesson with two people.”

My feet are broken.

It’s time to come back. Then I went back to everyone again.

The eyes that I noticed that the legs are like a clay of the fl  and collapsed, and they disappeared. After that, she returned to the meat mass for each person and crawled back to Legion.

"Now, everyone will be stretched!"

"Return" I'm also you will be thinner.

......

And the fusion of the slender slender slender slender slender slender.

"Banda, it's done! Neroロón, Neroon!"

It’s amazing! Thank you for your kind support.

“She’s like a small root”

“My parents will have an objection, but I’m like a fellow.”

It seems that the face of Legion and Pluto was successful.

The world in the body of Vandalou was a bit different from the outside.

〇 Job description: Vanity Magician

One of the jobs where people who are likely to be aroused or aroused to the top skill of the [Unattributed Magic] can work. In Rumda, there are many people who learn the practice of non-attribute magecraft when remembering other attribute magecraft, and who learn as an assistant to increase the versatility of magecraft. For this reason, there are many magicians who have 術ed attribute magecraft to the top skill, but there was no one who 術ed [Unattributed magecraft] to the top skill.

For this reason, I was able to work even with Vanderou, who has been cursed of [unexpected job].

Of course, it was a new discovery job, but in the magician ルドld, it was expected that the upper job of [Unattributed Magician] would appear if the unattributed Magic is polarized.

However, there seems to be no one who puts a life in the study of [Unattributed Magic] to make sure that it is expected.

Even if you 覚 up to a higher level of skill, the magic of an average leading magician is about 10,000, and in the performance of "Magic media (the so-called cane)" to "Ramda", it is difficult to shoot "Immune" as well as "Immune" even if you squeezed all the magic power.

〇 Job commentary: Ghost Magician

A job that mainly deals with the skills of the Ghost and the cooperative relationship leading to the area of God and lets you exercise magic instead of providing magic.霊valent to the top job of the Spirit Magician and the Highest Spirit Magician.

Vandaloo was able to work with Ghosts of13 13 or more, because there were no people who could control them.

Of course, it is a new discovery job, and the adventurer ルドld and magician ルドld have not confirmed that there are more than 13 ghosts in the appearance condition of the job.

〇 Job description: Dungeon Master

Jobs that can create dungeons and work for those who are managing. Of course, the people of "Ramda" and the new breed of Vida are also working. (Some new species of Vidas are dungeons, but it is not dom、 by living using dungeons)

The only thing that you can do in this job is the future e、 Vanderou. It is another case when Gwhadghan rebirth to a completely human (or a new breed of Vida), like Zuriza Napipe.

Chapter 13 character introduction will be posted on June 7th and will start Chapter 14 on June 15th.