Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 365: Towering Yggdrasil

The defense force of Orbaum, which still remains the influence of the Dark Avalon Case, remains down. The castle wall that protects the capital has already been reconstructed, and injured people appeared in the face of the defenders, but the number of people of the dead is minimized if you consider the size of the incident. However, it is because people have been assigned to reconstruction work.

Orbaum is the capital city centered on the territory of the Kingdom of Orbaum. There is too much distance from the border to be invasion of the enemy country because of the defense force. And the raids of the monsters will not happen while they stay in Orbaum.

However, unfortunately, if you do not have to fear enemy countries or monsters, there is no threat. It is because there are criminals who are trying to trade and get rich in drugs and other prohibited products.

“What do you do?” “I don’t know how many times I think I’m going to run safely.”

Reinhardt continued to look around while commenting on such criminals. Today, I already circulated Orbaum.

"Other than some intelligence crimes are changed to Goリン. So you don’t have to understand it.

There are many people who have been involved in the back society as it is, dyeing their hands to impulsively maliciously, defeating the bandits and eyes.

After a decade, I will miss out on how I live, how to do when I have a family, how to live when I can’t work old, and how to think about that.

It is important to drink delicious sake this night, hug a good woman, or to drown in pleasure. There were some people who were involved in it, but I could not get out of it.

“I remember it.”

Rvezfor is flying around the castle wall of Orbaum with Rhine Halt, and sipped away with a distant eye.

The 賊s of about 100 meters long, such as his body, circulate the low sky of about 50 meters, which looks well from the ground, and the bandits are all gone. Some of the general people who came out from outside of Orbaum are ignored.

If you enter the city, you will see the undead and daemon... It is also a 闊み adventurer and a guard who has no teeth standing. It is better to escape before entering the city rather than getting into panic. It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for.

Nowadays, merchants and travellers who have been in Orbaum have overcome numerous trials, and they are made of steel.

“Who is Rvezfor?”

I thought that I was a wiburn to speak the words of Paula's deceased, but in fact, I was surprised to hear Reinhard, a friend's word that proved to have been a 、 living for more than ten thousand years.

Rheinhalt knows that Rvezfor is often sprinkled with Paulina, and it has a subtle動, but there are also common sense faces. However, the influence of the youth of Rvezfor was quite large.

"Oh, after I was backed by Marduk, I went back to the Mao army, I continued to put a little bit on the Vida family. When I think about it, I didn’t imagine that it could happen in the future, such as the attack from the Alda power that re-engaged the Vida delegation and the power of the war, which would happen after several million years.

I just took away the things that can be deprived, drunk things, and thought about living in my own fall."

The length of the time passed exceeded the human scale, and even if he did not betrayed, there was no significant change in the result of the fight against the Magnolia Gudulanis, but at least the damage received by the god of Vida, such as Fidilg, was light.

Other than that, as Rvezfor said, it was not much different from the criminals such as the bandits.

“Rinhalt is like me.” I'm going to do my luck, but I'm in the belly of Vandalu.

Thinking about future things from now on

I like humans and interact with them as a friend. Even if you are an overwhelmingly strong person like Pauvina, it is not a transcendent who surpasses a strong person like Vanderou, but a person who has a little talent.

If you look at the previous one, you would have laughed. However, Rvezfor did not feel unpleasant.

(Is it possible that my heart is stolen by being released from Waiburn?)

“But we’re doing this because we’re in the past. That’s why I think it’s easier to do it!

Then, my friend told me to encourage myself. When I think of it, it is bad if I think that it is the process of supremely supremacy from Vandalu and the past that was wiburned on the殴opus of the storm of 虐ence.

(Well, because it was made to Waiburn, it became the obedience of Pauvina ... It is the fact that it has been given the position as a sub、ive even now that the seal was dis。ed in Gudulanis. Isn’t it bad?)

So, when Rvezfor recalled about the darkest time, he opened his mouth when he says gra。 to Rheinhalt, a big change occurred in Orbaum.

“What is the tree?”

It seems like a castle suddenly in the city.

"What was there! Go, Rhinehard! "

I don’t have to worry about the sudden emergence of a huge tree, if something happened to Paulina or Vanderouts. He is the sister of the king and the king. No matter what kind of natural ge  you are doing, you can deal with it without any problems.

He worries that he would be neglected if he was not rushing even though he was obviously mutated.

“It’s okay, Rvezfor! It’s a noble town, so I’m sure you’re 絡ed by Vandaloo. When we 、ry, the people on the ground rushed, so let’s go back and go slowly.”

However, Rhine Halt was more poisoned than Rvezfor... In response to his words, Rvezfor also recalled “it’s right?” He decided to go to the giant tree after he continued to look around. If you are with Reinhardt, you will not be able to take the preparation.

A friend called the same thing.

World tree Yugdrasil. It is a myth that it became the first plant in the world of Rumda and became the ancestor of all the plants that exist.

Before the Great God and the Beast God Gampaplio created animals, Yugdrasil sprouted this world. The fruit of Jugdrasil was not only born but also the 龍 and the belly of the true giants, and became their home.

After that, Yugdrasil continued to support the gods and humans of the age of Gods.

The dinosaur of the Shinshiro era was made from a branch that fell from Yugdrasil, and it cut out the pattern and sheath of the samurai. A true giant built a living place using a huge wood cut out of Jugdrasil, and the   rested the wings with its branches, and the beast slept in shade.

In addition, he helped the gods and humanity who had a wealth of experience and technology in agriculture and enriched the earth.

In addition, because the big thing is a giant tree that arrives in heaven, it is treated as a theme of various myths in modern times.

“The Giant God” Zeko has created an anecdote that he climbed the world’s tall Jugdrasil to take the elements of the sun and the moon that is necessary for the creation of “the giant of the sun” Taros and “the giant of the moon”.

I didn’t have a God-like ego to Yugdrasil, but I didn’t have to use it, but I was grateful to Yugdrasil who gave grace.

Yugdrasil was born all over the world in the age of the gods, but it is higher than modern castles in young trees, and if it becomes Nariki, it goes beyond Takayama and arrives天 to the heavens when it comes to old trees. It was a bit more than 100.

Even though the hundreds of yugudrasils were extinct, it is said that the gudulanis of the gudulanis, who led the gudulanis to this world, sprinkled the gudulanies, a contaminated magic.

Yugdrasil, which could not adapt to the changing environment, was extinct.

“In modern times, only some of the materials used as ティfacts are left...”

Luciliano, a commentary about Ugdracil, began to rush with his fingers over and over again. That’s what I want to believe. However, the reality does not change even if he doesn't squeak his beard and 眼鏡 his glasses.

“I’m sure I’m going to check it, but is it different from ent and scoog claw?”

"I said, but Yugdrasil is not a magical thing. There is a myth that says that there was a mys  power and intention, but there is no record that I crossed the word. Also, I say that the identity of the Aisen is different."

。 The name of the status tribe has changed.

In the confirmation of Vandalou, Luciliano and Eisen answered the neck side by side. At the same time, the giant tree standing in the wrinkles and the Aizen is also swaying on the left and right.

"If the status tribe name is different, it seems that it is not a huge ent or scoog claw."

One of the ways to check whether it is a new type or not in this world, is that if the intelligence of the target is high, we ask our staff to investigate and obtain status information.

Because the status is only true, it is important to be a new type if the name of the race is not recorded until now.

“But it’s funny.”

Dalcia took his hands on the bark of the giant tree.

"I know that the Vida is surprised, but... Yugdrasil was very weak to the magna. Before the Mao army appeared, when the undead increases, the larvae stood out immediately.

That's why it's amazing that you can be a life force like this in the vicinity of Vanderou on Silky's site.

“As I said, Aisen has become a variant of Yugdrasil, which is not Yugdrasil, and Yugdrasil.”

“It’s like Igdrasil.”

If Vandaloo follows Luciliano, Izan will not give his hands.

"I changed the name of the breeding status from the mutated species of Yugdrasil" to the young tree of Igdrasil"

“Is it?”

“Maybe it’s because Vandaloo is the parent of Aisen?”

“Is it the master of Aisen? Isn’t it the gods of status  ing?”

The Vandaloo, which was said to be, was called by the sky.

Thank you. But I'm human.

"The master, I'm not saying that the status gods are looking here separately."

“If you’re a Vanderlust...”

』

Vandalu is stunned by the scent of Lucia and Isen.

"It's unfortunate. By the way, is it different from the body and the body?

"No, I'm not particular." I have a skill with [parallel thinking] and [double body] for some time.

It seems that the mind is clearly connected even if the body is separated. It seems that there is a sense of both trees and iron at the same time.

"[Twin main body] is the tree and the body, both the body?"

"If the tree and the isen, the dinosaurs are defeated, the other is dead?"

How to When ranked up, it may be reversed if the tree is separated from the tree and the main body is both.

“Inversely...Is it possible to resurrect if one is safe even if it is defeated?” That’s because of my husband’s disみality?

Bermond, Ira, and Eleonola are talking about it. There is no existence that defeats huge trees from the castle.

If Igdrasil has the same nature as the Yugdrasil that is spoken in myth, it is graceful.

In addition, Isen has skills such as [physics resistance] and [magical resistance], [super speed playback] and [life force mitigation]. If it is effective for the tree part, it will be much more difficult than crushing the castle fort of the same size.

“Vandalu: Like Vandalu, it’s just like Vandalu.”

"Indeathlessness, I think that the current Isen is higher. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

It was Vandaloo, which is trying to increase the body, but it was still successful now. It is possible to make a separate body that has a body like yourself, but the newly created contents were not able to create the use of the King.

It is not the main body. It is like a body.

"I don't do that."

"Bang-chan, please have more confidence."

“My husband, it is too」ble.”

“It’s about kunochen that is similar to van’s immortality.”

"Region at the next point"

However, I did not know the consent.

“I’m sorry, my body is only me.”

"It may be, but in the case of Vandalou, it is not a problem of the number of body. Isn’t it just a bit of vandaloo in the world?

“I’m so happy, but...”

Vandaloo, a famous god daru, is part of the world's god of "Origin" and a bander that created a part of the soul in order to have it. They are not just minutes, as Darcia says.

The spirit is connected, so you can share your senses and memories, and exchange opinions. It’s the same as the other imaginary king, the division, the countless thinking. But the bander is separating the soul. God Dalu was originally part of Vanderou from part of the God of Origin, not Vanderou.

So it seems that Vandaloo can continue to exist even if he died because of something. It is not possible to understand the contents of the body.

However, I thought about Vandaloo.

What is the evidence that the body is when you make the contents of the game?

The question of what I thought was natural. If you think well, it is rare that you can make the contents in the first place...... It is a regular.

So you should not think about the body by removing the condition that you can create the contents. What is the main body? What is the difference between Vandalou and Vandalou?

“I feel like I got some serious hints.” Mother

“Oh? If Vandaloo is okay, mother is enough, so don’t force it.”

Yes. But now I'm more than I'm. Is there any other skill you like?

"I have a skill to make the earth obesity."

"Are you fertile?"

"It's not fertile, but fertile."

When the character is different, Isen is written on the ground with branches born from the back. I looked at it and looked at it, I think that it seems to be just fertile around the earth just like a ugdrasil.

“I don’t think it’s better to do it with Orbaum.”

"Yes. Even if the soil of the city becomes rich, weeds may only become rich."

The 。yard is outside the castle wall. Vanderou, How do you try it?

"It's nice. “It seems that Marshkuzar started home vegetable garden”

The emperor of the Amid Imperial Mashukuzar, which is softly prohibited in one of the worlds of Vanderou, has left his hand at home gardens when he finished making sheds and necessary furniture he lives.

“...Vandaloo, food is enough?”

"Of course." Anyway, I wanted to tamper the garden if I   the emperor from before, so it is one of my hobby."

“I’m enjoying Van more than I thought.”

“Is it okay?”

When Vandaloos talked to Wii, Randolph with a tired look enters the garden.

“I knew that it was not an emergency, but it’s not so busy.” That’s why we need to explain it.

Yes

Vandalu explained to the king of Cobite, and Dalcia explained to the general public, “Iseen ranked up and became the subordinate of Jugdrasil.”

Vandaloo, which is placed in the world of the Isen tree, entered the room of Sam's loading table to make a new job change.

Because there is no limit to the connection distance with the King of Use, he has a lot of experience every day.

Selectable Jobs [Fallers] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Creator] [Tartaros] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Scr】s] [Sciターンs] [Sciロボs] [Sciロボs] [Sciロボs] [Sciロボs] [Sciロボs] [Sciロボs] [Sci】s]

“Yes, I don’t have neovandaloo or supervandaloo as a new job.”

Vandaloo, who has already discovered the job of [Vandaloo], had a breath of relief.

"So, as scheduled, select the guide"

The trend of the honeys is not understood, and Alda is making the behavior more radical, such as watching the Rodo Corte, but can not be directly hit.

And it is necessary to guide the people of the Duke of the Orbaum Kingdom. That’s why we decided to prioritize 士ding jobs.

[Road Induction], [Leading: Relocation] skill won!

[Relocation] was integrated into [Relocation] to [Reduction] [Reduction]!

[Magic Power Super Recovery], [Ghost Reinforcement], [Ghost Reinforcement], [Ghost Reinforcement], [Ghost Reinforcement]

・Name: Vandaloo Arc Hill Willowダ Zakart

・Type: Dumpire (Mother: Goddess)

Age: 13

・T】 name: [Gour Emperor] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser楽] [Teaser楽] [Teaser】] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser】] [Teaser]

・Job: Transductor

・Level ・

ゾンビ              

・Capacity

・Life force:1,141,992+(228,398) (326,616UP!)

・Magic power : 98,685,440,325+(98,685,440,325) ,172,170UP!)

・Power: 596,342+(44,72  (4,787UP!)

・Agility :439,062+(32,929) (8,666UP!)

・Fa ty :48,948+(41,921) (9,666UP!)

・Intellectual power: 622,890+(46,716) (7,114UP!)

・Passive skills

Power: 5Lv

Super Speed: 10Lv

Lv

Invalid status

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Darkness

Ayaya In  (integrated relocation)

無

Guide: Ay耶 (導きding: Integrated Transformation!)

Lv(UP!)

Default: 4Lv(UP!)

Detoxification: Fang Nail TongueLvLv(UP!)

Body Endless Stretch: Tongue

Unfair Attack Power: Inside

Body ultra-reinforcement (hair nail tongue fangs): 6Lv

Witch Refining: 7Lv

Magic Power: 10Lv

Super increase in magic recovery speed: 3Lv (UP!)

Attack power increase when magic cannon is activated: Small

Increased vitality: 2Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Reign: 6Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Faith: 3Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Vidal Demon Empire: 6Lv

Self-reproduction: Cannibalism: 6Lv

Ability value enhancement: Cannibalism: 6Lv

Ability value enhancement when wearing a soul: Large

Murder recovery: 9Lv

Self-enhancement: Killing: 9Lv

Magic power enhancement when equipped with a staff: Small

All ability value enhancement: Large

・Active skills

Lineage: 9Lv

Destruction: 2Lv

Golem Genesis: 3Lv (UP!)

Void God Magic: 4Lv

Magic precision control: 8Lv

Divine Spiritual Reason: 2Lv

Alchemy: 5Lv

Soul equipped annihilation magic technique: 2Lv

Simultaneous multiple actions: 10Lv (UP!)

Mysterious arts: 3Lv (UP!)

Embodiment: 8Lv

Group: 8Lv (UP)

Super fast thinking: 9Lv

Shogun: 7Lv (UP!)

Death Thread Manipulation: 1Lv

Grudge technique: 4Lv

Crying: 1Lv

Divine Spirit Magic: 8Lv

True Demon Artillery: 1Lv

Magical Magic: 3Lv

Fragment Limit Transcendence: 7Lv

Spirit control: 6Lv (UP!)

Whip Technique: 5Lv

Spiritual transformation: Lightning

Staff technique: 5Lv

High speed flight: 4Lv

Instrument performance: 4Lv

Butoh: 2Lv

Muscle technique: 7Lv

Magic fighting technique: 5Lv

・Unique skills

God Eater: 10Lv

Heterogeneous multiple souls

Soul erosion: 2Lv (UP!)

Labyrinth control: 1Lv

Great demon king

root

divine enemy

Soul eater: 10Lv

Vida's protection

God's protection of the earth

group soul

Zantark's protection

crowd

Soul body: 8Lv

Demon King's Eye

god of origin

Reclent's protection

Zurvan's protection

complete recording technique

Soul limit breakthrough: 7Lv

mutagenesis

True Demon King

Demigod

Protection of Botin

Peria's protection

internal world

・Curse

Unable to carry over past life experience points

Existing job not possible

Unable to acquire experience points on your own

“Oh, the level has already risen.”

At this rate, it looks like I'll have to change jobs again soon. ...I hope Neo Vandalieu doesn't appear next time.

With that in mind, Vandalieu left the job change room.

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――

●Description of Magic: Igdrasil's Caterpillar by Lucia

Yugdrasil, the world destroyed during myth. The mutations adapted to the magnificence were named by Igdrasil and masters.

There are many things that are adapted to the magna, and the established ego, which動き itself to move around instead of the root, adapting to the status system, and gaining skills, etc.

The biggest difference is that it is possible to separate the trees from the trees and work. When I confirm the identity of the person, it seems that the tree and the Isen are both the main body. It is unclear whether this difference is because Isen ranked up or whether it is a feature of the entire Igdrasil.

The 果実cinal properties of leaves and 液ques are more than just the same size as that of people, and they are harder than the olihalcon.

The movement of the tree part is dull and small, but it is so early as the whole. In addition, if you want to do it, you can run a wide range of existence by rotating it by yourself.

In addition, it seems to be weak to flame, but there is a large amount of water stored in the body, and even if it is fired, it is possible to stop by self-injection.

And the part of Aisen boasts the same high combat power as the previous Aisen.

According to the tried Quoco Lagge, it seems that the taste is the same as the luxury goods on the market, even if the biggest fruit is larger. In addition, it is not enough to say that the tree liquor is a sweet dew on the heavens, it is delicious when you make tempura and sesame, and it is good to刻 finely and make sauce and smoothie.

In myth, Yugdrasil is said to have enriched the earth, and has a similar ability to Igdrasil. However, in the case of Igdrasil, it will be necessary to be careful because it will be fertile as well as squeezing the genome.

In addition, the tree part is paraded by mosquitoes, 植物s, and satoes, and it seems that there are also 蟲facts such as 。s, and the use of monks. In addition, there are masters in the cave.

And this individual is still a young tree as it is in the status as it is guessing from the size.

By the way, even if the seeds taken from the countless fruit are planted, it is likely that Igdrasil is not affected. Yugdrasil is said to have only been understood from the seeds that can be taken from the fruit of Yugdrasil, which is only once a thousand years.

Therefore, it is assumed that "Igdrasil's fruit" is made in the Igdracil, and only the seed that I took from it is understood. ......If you are a master, it seems to be increased by ranking up from the botanical magic.

●Skill explanation: Geohistory

Unique skills that can change the level × 10 kilometer land to fertile land suitable for plant cultivation. The effect lasts for one year. The user must not leave the range that wants to extend the effect until the acting.

In addition, it is possible to make the degree up and down, but if the skill is activated, the effect range is contaminated with magome. If it is a minimum, it is possible to do not maze even after decades, but if you try to contaminate it, you can do it twice to the semi-magnetic precinct.

It is assumed that there is a lot of plant-type monsters and goムs appear in the place where this skill was transformed as a maze.

●Skill explanation: Twin body

A unique skill that indicates the body of both sides. In the case of Aizen, tree and Aizen are applicable.

Because the tree part and the iZen part are the main body of each other, it is possible to recover from the tree part immediately if the iZen is fatal damage. On the other hand, even if the tree part is cut down, it can be revived immediately from Aizen.

There is no distance or time limit for each other to work separately. However, the number of each other is not more than two.

●Job commentary: ledger by Luciano

Jobs that lead people who live in a society that is not visible from the sun s, people living in the slum town and behind the streets and the front. It is also a job that leads people in the table society to the shade.

However, if you are a master, you have earned another 士ding job, and you are a politician, it is equal to the second half of the effect.

However, I think that there are more people who are trying to become undead since they are alive recently, and people who are trying to become a plethora of people.

Next story will be posted on April 24th.