Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short Story 60: Tyranny, the Emperor, and boys and girls of the same age

Marshkuzal von Berwood Amid, the former emperor of the Amid Empire, was a good emperor. However, he was surprised when he received the report at that time.

“Who, the Count of Drefas was killed by the adventurer, and the A-class adventurer Schneダー?”

I was not surprised at the time of the report. The Count of Drefas was killed in Schneダー, because it was a tail of the tail of the hawker whose name is over the gang of the Marshkuzar’s brain, “The sword of the sword that is not spared to be squeezed.”

So, even if you were killed by buying aシュ of Schneの. For the silly reason that Marshkuzar can not understand, I did a deer work.

However, it is important to use it though it is spared that the Count of Drefas died. I was thinking about it, but I noticed that the samurai who reported it had a blue face and stayed there.

“How did you do it?”

The samurai, who asked the secretary, made an amazing statement.

“Hah! Schneダー and his fellows have continued to blame the Knights of the Count of the Count of the Count, the  ed guards, and the adventurers of the Count, and the Defenders have continued!”

“What’s it?”

Marshkuzar, who heard the report of the samurai, questioned his ears. Counted. There is no surprising thing in itself. However, he thought that Schneダー was assass、 Drephas.

Schneダー believed that it was a crime in an unseen place or method, and that the excellent guards and knights of the Empire investigated and found the 犯prit and reported to him.

“I think it’s true, but Schne、 was a big street during the day, and did the Count of Drefas sumpted in front of the public?”

“Hey! That’s right!”

Marshkuzar, who heard the response of the samurai, took his hands on the amount of thought and headed up to see the heaven.

A-class adventurers are super-human. This is the form of the same person as the general public, but the power of combat is a carbohydrate that can be used to twist the hand of Akashi.

So, if you like A or more adventurers, you can do most. It is in front of the public during the day to kill the nobles.

However, this is surprisingly small. If you are interested, there is a mechanism to stop the A-class adventurer's devotees.

First Law By  ating the law, losing your business, relationships, and social status should be more than a person who lives in the society, even if it is a waste.

Next, adventurer ルドld. If a member of the union who commits a devotee or a violation of the rules, the 藉ld has made a request to defeat the union members. No matter how much it is, you should avoid the same thing.

And finally, this is limited to a large country, but there is a presence of an A-class adventurer or a sharp force with more than that.

After that, it is important to have a family or a friend who is conf .

That’s why A-grade adventurers are less committed to unorbitious crimes. In the case of committing, it is to make s not to be able to use its high abilities.

However, Schne、s are now on the way.

“...Is it possible to ask other A-class adventurers?”

"ギld is moving, but it takes time. The A-class adventurer now seems to be inferior to Schne、."

Even if the grade is the same, there is a difference in the power of the adventurer. The most pronounced class is A. If you are pregnant, it is said that A class is the top of the ルドld except for S class.

A-class adventurer who has become a Giligiri A-class adventurer and who has not yet raised a great績 to the S-class. What is the same A-class adventurer?

I can not say at least physically.

。 In this way, all of our Imperial Knights and escorts are defeated. I want to avoid crushing the best adventurers in Japan.

Of course, knights and guards, but it’s because they’re a good fight against witches because they care about the wear of an unclear adventurer that can be used as a fight during the war because the empire is not employed.

As a result of crushing advanced adventurers to protect the security, there is no original child if there is too much magical damage to the country.

“How do you make a head for the majestic swords?

The Amid Empire’s most sophisticated team, the Jade Sword, has always been waiting for certain people to be able to企umulate even if multiple A-class adventurers are trying to cool.

They will be able to defeat Schne  and their friends.

“How many people will be broken?”

When Marshkuzar asked no one, he asked him.

“I’m sure you’ll be able to do five people, even if all of the dozens are aligned.” It is the number of people now ... I can't collapse this castle with the extra wave of the fight before the decision is made."

Marshkuzar decided while looking for a sacrifice, the conductor of the twentieth sword, whose secretary was amazed and concealed.

"How much aristocratic, it is a must to pay the sacrifice to the man who was planning to find the tail of the torch and dispose of it as soon as possible.

Send to Schne  and its party. "You will be asked to substitute for redemption. If you are in theにいる, you will be able to have a more luxurious experience.

“I’m afraid!”

The writer ran back in a  ry to carry out his instruction. And the Schne、s, who heard the word of marshkuzar from the monks, dropped by an adult saying, “If you say that way.”

The Schne  at the time was not yet going to cool down and re  the state. Simply, the Count Drefas saw the slaughter of the new breed of Vida, and 昂ed.

After that, Schneダー, who hadn’t been keen to health at that time, enjoyed the luxurious world with his fellow Dolton and Merdin, and left the castle with an un題onable title instead of marshkuzar to reclaim the Count.

Marshkuzar predicted that he would achieve his hard work. However, I thought that I would lose my colleagues or two people, or I would lose my strength by doing a big injury.

The schne、 who got a handache lesson will be more careful than before and will not be able to shy in the future. As I thought, Schneダー came back almost intact with two friends. The request of the   fallen to the monster is fulfilled to the 派.

In the marvelous marshkuzar, Schne  said, “Is this good? If I have been doing it for about 10 people of the Mashika noble family in advance?”

After that, the relationship between the “storm of 嵐ence” led by marshkuzar and Schne、 continued, but it was never good.

On the surface, people with different positions seemed to be recognized at the bottom of their mind. Actually, the performances performed in Tei-to were praised as such. It is not possible to spread publicly, such as the government and the S-class adventurer are contrary.

The true relationship between marshkuzar and Schneダー is the enemy. It was a complex and troublesome enemy for each other, not just to kill it.

In the past, Marshkuzar, who had been working to protect the new breed of Vida in the empire, has continued the policy to persecute the new breed of Vida. However, I understood that only killing the Emperor Marshkuzar does not end up the persecution of the new breed of Vida.

The persecution of Vida’s new breeds does not end, even killing marshkuzar, unless the perception of the aristocratic and imperial people changes. The Emperor just changes. And if you become war by attacking the Kingdom of Orbaum when you substitute the confusion, the new breed of Vida in the empire will be chased more and more tight.

The kingdom of the Orbaum is recognized to believe in Vida since the time of the land, and other than vampire and magical tribes have recognized human rights. However, the Kingdom of choice is not a country for the new breed of Vida. It’s just a person. ......It is human, the same as the people who dying野ry in slam.

There is no war in consideration of the new breed of Vida, which is located in the Imperial Palace.

The first sacrifice of the war is a weak person, but in the case of the Amid Empire, the new breed of Vida is that.

So the Schneダー did not kill the marshkuzar. While enjoying the marshkuzar and the tea ceremony, he continued to adjust the way to protect the new breeds of Vida and their affiliates.

You can't kill Schne。. This is because the Schne  is too strong. It may be possible to kill the tiger's child's "Wicked Twelve Swords", but it will surely scatter half of the tiger's children. That’s why even killing Schneダー.

So, I only earned time while playing dark fights with Schneりs. You can kill the Schne  until the Empire is dangerous even if you kill it.

And Marshkuzar defeated the fight.

If Marshkuzar had followed his control without leaving the thirst, he would be killed by Schneく or had been pulled down from the thirst.

Schneダー adds two mates to the party and doubles the fighting force. In contrast, the power of the marshkuzar has increased is not so far.

In addition to that, Schneダー continued to fight against marshkuzar and succeeded in creating a situation that protects many of the new breeds of Vida.

And the world’s flow is by Vanderlus.

?」

Marshkuzar stops the pen to see the face.

“Oh! Is it still alive? Or is it dead??”

"I think it is meaningless even when I die."

The door was blown away from the outside. Door de s and escorts, precisely the knights placed for monitoring scatter to the room.

"It is made with tax of this Imperial Empire." I think that it is difficult to stain with blood, organs, and fl ."

"What if I say a complaint about my killing the knight?" The Knight of the Imperial Empire

In other words, it was an unexpected person of Marshkuzar.

As you know, the Schneダー of "Zun Rai", I don't feel the value to the life of the Knight who has not pledgeed myself.

It is the former emperor. The empire is not as important as me."

“...Well, if you take a position from a person whose position is formed more than 80% of personality, will you look like this? No sadness.  

“Facts, half dead.” So, do you come to kill me today?

"It is good to see"

That said, Schneダー grabs the chest of marshkuzar. Marshkuzar is also a royal family, with minimal martial arts. However, for Schneダー, it is the range of errors.

"。ments are the latter." For the name of the emperor who defeated the name, I will take it as if I want to use it. ...... Well, you might be able to make a life-dead or replace your head with others, but you know me until then."

“...Is there Vandalou behind?”

"Oh, I have accepted this issue.

Apparently, Vandalou seems to have not controlled the Schneダー as the marshkuzar is 。.

"I feel like you are killed in this place, but there is a way to do it. It was a time to write self-development. Let's take it to hell"

"What's great?" Well, I don't know how to

Schneダー ab ed the marshkuzar with a great attitude to kill the supremacy and left the castle that is called his "static destination".

By this way, the Amid empire was even more conf。.

At the same time, in the world of Vandalou, there were many groups that were not common at first g .

"」, Burgo"

“I’m just a jadder.”

First time   with Zerza Note

"I'm ッシュ, thank you!"

“I’m Elpel”

Thank you. 雨宮博

Hiro was first self-introduction to the other party. I know that this is a different world, and I know that there are other species. I'm looking forward to seeing you again.

However, the sons of Jodal-Gour had been barely pressured by the strong body with the heads of the black skin goリン and crocodile with the ninja dress.

“What did you do? If you’re on the first side, do you feel nervous?”

Vandaloo, the world in the body, tilted his neck. I thought that I could not do anything as a responsible person who gave this place.

“What do you do? Let’s learn how to interact with people by interacting with children around the same age?”

However, I didn’t try to do it because I had been thinking about it when I visited this place.

"I'm 4 years old this year!"

Black goリン, one of Braga’s children, Burgo said strongly.

“I’ll be 5 years old this year!”

Sasa Note, the first generation of Arman, a tribe with crocodile head, was also宣言d. In addition, his height is already the same as adult men.

“And I don’t say a word to meet the same year’s child.”

“Well, that’s right? Well, what do you say that you’re 、ing me?”

To learn that the age is different even when the race is different. It is also important to have a child of the same year, but it is important to have an adult.

In the future, it is necessary to go to the bocce like me before, Expo

Vandaloo burned an extra pineapple to prevent the Expo from becoming in the future. The fire of hell.

“Is it necessary?”

“What do you play?”

“Now, what do you mean?”

“I’m so suspicious! I’m going to be suspicious to meet both of you! I don’t have any child to keep it!”

“Oh, I don’t have anything. It is about when I get together with my sister and brother.

“I wonder if I」d last year.”

"It was a great help, and I'm happy! I'm sure that I can play with it anymore."

And the ッシュ and jadder were denied. The words of thanks to Elpel

“Oh, right, do you have three children?”

“Oh, I’m a Vanderlus daci! This is my ob e nightwing!”

"I'm a grandson of Zadilis. If you become an adult, you will be a bride of some people.

“I’m an original vampire, but I’m an adult who looks like this.”

A orphan ッシュ that came from the orphanage of the town of Mocksea. And the grandson of Zadilis is the daughter ofディアdia. They are children. Mash is a bit older than Haku, but not yet adults.

However, Elpel was an adult with the original vampire. At least he recognizes himself as an adult.

"Eh!? I'm so!"

I didn’t believe in Expo and Mash.

“Oh! Vanderoo, I’m talking about it, I’m an adult!”

Let’s calm down. "I wipe my tears."

And because of the crying of Vandalu, Jadalu and Burgo who know that Elpel is an adult have gone out of it.

"Let's play forever."!」, I came for the first time!

"Let's go to the  park! Gaエルel is also studying, so let's invite everyone!"

“What is Yuenchi?”

“I heard it!”

Wakニョrovanland (named by Haku and Pluto), an、 park established by Vanderou in the world of the body, was still running. It is a national park operated by the emperor。, because the play equipment is almost used by the witch king, i.e. the vandaloo.

“How do you see ッシュs and shistars?”

“It’s better to look with everyone in an orphanage later!”

"Well, it's! The draw rate is not Zarza Note or Burgo, but ours!"

You can enjoy a fun day at the park with new friends.

I saw everyone dancing on stage.

"Today, I'm so happy."

“Vestra’s smiles more! Mr. Seris is hard to move, and Mr. Holly is the tone!”

The sister of a orphanage dressed with fri-fri-fried and quirky costumes danced by the vestra and serez, and the director of the dampil holly.

What do we do?

“I don’t have to dance after all!”

For both children to see their faces. It is the same as dancing with children. Is it different?

"What's the difference?"

“Let’s say that you are dancing!”

Dr. Holly, who stops damaging the skin of the face with chemicals to imitate the age, replenished the face that looks before and after the teens and pepsed the serie and vestra.

In the town of Moxie, the head of the Holy Presidency traveled to the monastery of the local to destroy the physical condition, and the head of the holly new monastery of the chief of the院. That's what it's like.

Since the director of orphanage was originally not attracted by many people, the predecessor of the predecessor has been forgotten early, and some of the town people are rumored that "new young director has been appointed".

"It seems that there is no problem with the new general-purpose disguise."

Talea, one of the members who made costumes worn by Holly, was nodded to be satisfied by watching her dance.

Even as a metallic rubber suit, the general-purpose variant was low in performance as a magic medium (as a variant). This is a mass-pro  variant that can be worn even if the size of the wearer is slightly improved.

"How much Van can be made by order, even if it is high performance?" However, this new general-purpose armor has the same structure, so it is possible to reduce the work that only Van can do!

You can change the color and add ruffles. It is highly versatile as a costume and it is helpful.

I agree to Takara, a high laughter.

“So, let’s make a real-world test when you’re taking a break.

"Is it true?"

"Of course." It is a stage costume, and it is a combat equipment! If you do not fight, it will not be a test!

"The order is reversed." It seems that you have forgotten that you are using a combat equipment on stage costumes.”

“Tearah, you can see the next stage. Plu-chan is also happy."

“Want to wait! I’m going to dance...”

Let’s take away the Director of Holly. Thara, who plays music, talks about it.

"Oh, I think it will be a good experience to teach the armor by Talea himself."

“Yes, Van! Is there any request?”

“Can I do Noronolo?”

っ

As a result of 藪king on the bush, the difficulty of the dance jumped up, but it was successful to respond to the demand by dancing.

The main body of Vandalou was a curse against the black curtain "five-colored blade" that encouraged her to write a letter, while worrying about how to write a letter from Sele、.

Next story will be posted on August 24th.

Thank you very much for your continued patronage, but you will be able to take a rest after投稿 on 24 days. Thank you for your understanding.