Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Short story 61: Rokudo Hijiri, third reincarnation

Ulgen Terkatanis satisfied his work.

One of the hidden rooms in the Royal Palace of the historic Orbaum Kingdom was the world’s most dangerous place by his hand. There will be no one who wants to escape this hidden room, even if he is追ed by a 賊ent bandit.

If you are pregnant, there are more than 30 enclosed pieces in the hidden room.

The magicians are drawn on the floor, walls and ceilings, and the magic items are placed in the four corners of the room. However, they are used to prevent術, sensitivity, and the invasion of the undead, including the spirit from outside. If you run out of one of the mazes in the room, you will be crushed in a moment.

However, since the 片  of the 片  of the 片  of the 片  of the 片  of the 片  of the 片  of the 片 , the surprising and connection may last a long time. ...In the end, this castle will be a山ble mountain at the next moment.

If you look at this景, you will find that Terkatanis is not positive unless you are too much deer. And I should think that it must be a state that can safely manage the collected [the missing of the King] by dis、ing him from the predecessor's job as soon as possible.

That’s why Ulgen Terkatanis didn’t make him credible and squeezed even his own sons to realize the deity from the sixth way. It is only used to convey that kind of falsehood, not to reveal the truth.

A place to store the guilty of the guildo, the guildo, the guildo, the guildo, the guildo, the guildo, the guildo, the guildo. For more information, please leave it here. In addition, I asked that this issue is used without other words.

Originally, I was asked to strictly manage [the deficiency of the King] and to carry it to other temples and magecraft ルドlds. The request of the Terkatanis predecessor is not unnatural.

Of course, there are no requests to the temples and ルドlds, especially in the areas of Vida Faith such as the Duchess of Birgit, the Duchess of Sauron, which can only be considered to be close to Vanderou. That’s because Vandaloo might be aware of somehow.

Heinz’s “five-colored blades” is the領 of the Duchess of Fゾン. In the heart of the heart, for the Terkatanis, who suffered from Alda fusion, the Duchess of Fazon, who tilted to Heinz, is a person to be wary. Heinz。, the secretariat of Alda.

It is said that from the sixth road, which is the secret and God (and he is compassionate), it should not confess the truth to God Alda and his followers.

It is necessary to proceed with the actions to live in the world at times with the silly people. The words that Rokudo told me were understood by Telkatanis.

However, there is no limit.

"God, this more difficult to collect the missing piece of the magical king...Please forgive yourself."

In this method that collects in the secret behind, it was difficult to collect more [the missing of the Devil] and accessories. In order to be troubled when the bushes are 藪ped, the organization that refused the request clearly or did not indicate the reaction did not make any problems. I just told me that I want to manage it strictly.

That’s why I can’t collect any more pieces of magic in Terkatanis. There is also a means of searching for [the missing of the Devil] by asking an adventurer to investigate the ruins, etc., but it will take a long time until the results are made.

“Well... I did it well.”   the next mission

。 For the kingdom of the Orbaum, Ulgen Terkatanis, the power of the world is not spared."

Terkatanis said so, but his words assume that his power and property are maintained. The six-way sanctuary was built from the sanctuary of Lodo Corte. Even if the world is different, it is impossible to think of a politician.

That’s why I’m helping.

。 One of the seals of the King of the Witch is傷actional and scratched.

“What!? Do you say that you are hurting? ? ?”

However, I didn’t follow any actions that attempt to break the seal.

That’s right. Wound seal

Terkatavars are ordered overlapping through the [Kutujin] of Dah Rong, while looking at the seal of the [Katu no Chikuri], which is aligned with his fat sweat on his forehead.

The 罪lamation of “the mission from God” was dev。 from fear and harassment while。. It seems that the person who hurts the seal was bleached by danger, and he immediately looked at it.

“I don’t think I can’t do it.” [The deficiency of the King of God] is to control and not to be deprived by anyone. And you will be graceful to fulfill your mission.

“What is your best?”

。 After winning the battle that occurred after I became a true God, the devastation of this continent will not be avoided.

Indeed, I will do my best to reconstruct this world as God. At that time, it is necessary to be the center of humans.

“Our Terkatanis family is at the heart of humans.”

Terkatanis dangerously expressed the future of Baangaia, which is the center of his own.

I think that it is just a picture vacant if he is normal, but it is a real taste if it is after a deter  to the end of the world. Heinz, a powerful dinosaur that is imminent to God, and the magic that is equal to many Gods, and the wicked gods themselves. It is a three-way holy battle by the世界の sixth road of the world.

The power of the event will lead to the battles of the magical Gudulanis and the brave, which were written in myth. The sea is cracked, the mountains are crushed, and the Amid Empire is not only the Kingdom of Orbaum, but also the big damage. And the inner country of the boundary of the boundary that Vanderou is dom。 is said to win the Rokudo Holy. ......How do I get the land of the earth of the earth of the earth of the earth of the earth of the magic?

After the Holy War, a new leader is required for people to play and rebuild the world. A leader like Ulgen Telcatanis, who has excellent governance and internal control know-how, and a great contribution to the world’s re es.

"I'm sorry, I'll lend my hands. People revered in front of me as my first apostle, and a new era is built around you.

It is a six-way holy that whispered and 感s the superiority of Terkatanis and porcelain, but it is only trying to fulfill the necessary things for him.

Rokudo St. will continue to reign as God in this world after defeating Vanderou. The insurance is already covered by Lodo Corte, but it is not going to revitalize it to another world.

The revival and reconstruction of the world is essential for the sixth saint. In the process, you must be able to adapt to the people and be able to reign as God.

In addition, it depends on how much you can survive after the battle, but it is in conflict with Alda and his obedience. No matter what, Rodocollete does not crush the souls of the Gods of Alda due to insurance.

Terkatanis was very good as a tool for this. Of course, if he or his family died during the fight, he scouts others, so it is not a 駒endous piece.

。 However, I am not a knight or adventurer, even if I hurt the seal. There are some hearts, but the more you can scratch the seal of Orihalcon......

It is good to use "the armor of the King" However, when the seal is damaged, you can immediately release the armor and take the distance.

As he said, he took one of the “the armor of the King” as he gave the instructions to Terkatanis whose will was solid.

When the terkatanis holds the pattern of the armor, a thin sword like rapier appears from there.

......

After preparing the breathing disturbed by tension, Terkatanis stumbled on the edge of the armor. The movement ends only with a small amount of damage to Orihalcon, although it was sharp in the old age.

However, it seems that it was enough. The seal of the King of the Witch is squeezed by the next moment and軋aks to the squeezed taste.

"Hi, Hi! God, sealed! God!"

The predecessor of Susuga was also exposed to the 片lamation of the King of the Witch, or the other aristocratic flies, throwing the armor to the place and screaming until the wall of the room.

"I'm the main body! I'm sorry, I'm going to meet you first!"

A black one that breaks the seal from the inside shouts and breaks the seal of the fragments around. In this way, there will be a fusion of the thirteen 片facts of the King, and they will begin to move in a line with the goal of the spiritual院eutic hospital where Vandalou is the main body.

The walls, houses and people on the way.

“Oh, it’s time to rebirth now!”

However, when the voice of the six-way sounded to scrape the voices of the [Witch King's Flaw], [Witch King's Flaw] began to converge from an unpretentious monster to a humanoid.

Home

"Main body ... body .........!"

“Let’s join the body!”

[De。s of the King] had a magical power of the dead attribute, and it was erroneous as the sixth main body that the de。s of the soul of the King Gudulanis are embedded.

This was a way to rebirth the Rodcorte’s thoughts, and the Rodcorte’s untransferable as a person who reached the area of God.

。 This is the God of another world. Do you follow the missing pieces of the King Gudulanis and make it your body?

Before the midst of terkatanis, the new body of Rokudo Sei was completed.

It is a s ptural beauty like a s pted sculpture that is a giant that is just seen as a giant.

"... great. The same as when it was a arc abalone. It’s no longer feeling.

The power to make the whole body more powerful. Although the shape is human type, it is possible to change in any form if it is concerned about it, and the use of the body is essentially understood.

(And, as I expected, [Mao's Active] and [Mao's Memory] are under my control. I have a little feeling uplifting. The consciousness is clear. It’s more than just a soul. Home

The soul of the sixth throne was embedded by Lodo Corte. In能ct and memory, I thought that it can be controlled by rationality if it is a six-way approach to God with self-power. ......It seems to have judged that [the rationality of the king] and [the power of the king] are likely to not be handled.

(but not curse)

Rokudo is cursed from Rodo Corte before the embedding of the m  of the soul of the King. [Destruction of souls other than the owner of the dead attribute] was curled.

For this reason, the six-way shall not crush the soul other than the owner of the dead attribute. Lodcorte was threatened to be able to crush the soul like the magic king because it has a missing piece of the soul of the magic king and the body is composed of [the 片 of the magic king].

In the beginning, I remembered the question of whether the curse of Lodcorte has the power to it, but it is not impossible to think that Vandalou is the influence of the curse of Lodcorte in the future.

...... I remembered some anxiety whether I could curse only the state of the soul as Rodo Corte, the sixth time I reached God.

No status. Is it possible to become stronger by job change or level up?)

In the same way as "original", you only need to brush your skills on the local road.

“God, do you start fighting right now?”

The six-way, which is not already a politician, but he re ed his knees like a believer, lying on his neck.

"I need time to繋がり the connection with this body for a while."

In the former world, he was fighting with the arc abalone as he was supremely exhilarating. Now I have more power than arc abalone, but I have to avoid the same mistake.

“But Vandalou is already feeling our movement”

“What is it?”

"Hadolos Jahan" He became the presence of the Vanderou side anymore.

It is a reputation that he is a passionate Alda believer, but in terms of being a new breed of Vida, Rokudo is convinced that he will move to the Vandalu side...

“It’s not so bad, Hadros Jahan is certainly a giant species, but it’s a person who reputed to be a Alda believer more than the Alda believer. How Vandaloo Zakart is a conductor, it should be easy to sleep..."

"Terkatanis, Vanderou Zakart is not just a conductor. He is the evil God itself. He is a devil who is conf  with you.

God imposes a trial to a person, but the devil attracts the world. Vandaloo said that the sixth way was Terkatanis. This is Vandaloo’s action. From someone’s remedy, it’s also a devil’s hand, so you’ll be able to prevent terkatanis from seeing your speechlessness.

(In the previous world, his uncompromising behavior... I broke down my measures as a result of the cumulative help of those who want to reach their long reach without thinking about complex processes.

In this world, the handか must be drawn)

Terkatanis is the lifeline of the sixth road until the future is worth it. He has no foundation for his activities in this world, and he loses the option other than going out to a sexually urgent means at that time.

Avoid terkatanis being led to Vanderou, such as innocent contacts and dream encounters.

“But Vandalu Zakart is now ghosted by the Psychotherapy、... Perhaps it was unfamiliar with the Duchess of Alcrem, or it was neglected to Dalcia Zakart.”

“Urgen Terkatanis, do you know that the guess is a bitter by yourself?”

“Now, it’s ...... But it’s only thought about it... I’m going to invite the Duke of Jahan from the beginning!”

As a result of rethinking, Terkatanis, which is far from the truth, had a息umulation on the sixth road.

Don’t think of him like the same Royale as before. The standard of loss for him is completely different from before. How did he go to the 院 try to take care of the mother of Elizabeth Saulon, who had a party?

When Amelia encountered Vandalou, her daughter Elizabeth was unable to see his memory for a long time, so this is a自然ulation of six-way people, but it would be natural if you think from Vandalou and its behavior in "Origin".

“If you’re a deer... even if you’re the blood of the Duchess of Saulon, it’s important to take Elizabeth Saulon. Is there a need to enter the hospital even if you treat it?

However, the behavior of Vandalu is not considered by Terkatanis, because Vandalu is equal to the universe for him.

“Telkatanis, Vanderou has already built and dom。 the nation inside the boundary. In this country, it is only a temporary thing. You may not be conscious of scratches, etc. caused by background.

You are devoted to the collection of information and report it to me.

Home Awe

So Lord, how do you spend the time until the battle? If you wish, we will prepare a residence.

"No, it is not. ...Is there a basement that is not known to anyone in this castle?

There is a wide space to check the body's condition and how to control and utilize the body. So, first of all, I decided to create a dungeon.

Duke of Fゾン, south of Orbaum, the capital of the Kingdom of Orbaum. One of the members of the "five-colored blade" inside the "Dungeon of the trial of Alda" that appeared there, Edgar remembered the high ring of the chest.

She has been obstructed by her fellows from Vandalu, and she is obstructed by her deter  to surrender the truth of the Milg shield.

Of course, it is not a pleasure that the girl of the dumpire who has been adored as a real daughter has been hurt by their past actions. There is no such a consolidation taste.

“Hainz, you’ve come to use Bellwood’s power, and you’ve come out of the city? If you’re free to Vanderou, you’ll see the whole Kingdom of Orbaum’s enemies.”

I don’t know Edgar himself.

However, Gudulanis was well known for his soul.

In Labranda Island, which takes more than a month on a boat from the Baangaia continent, the shop has been operating since several years ago.

The owner of the former adventurer-like woman Dwarf has succeeded in a commercial sale that uses spatial attribute magic to quickly transport large quantities of goods and reduce prices.

In addition, there is only the original adventurer, but it is dungeon, but it is business trip sales. It was thought that the sales would be full of scallops because the staff was also helpful for more than a year ago.

"Oh, I have no information from the subturbation. It seems that it is better to see something happening. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

“The store manager stops flowing smoothly if it might be serious”

【Noah】Mao Smith and [Super Sensation] Kaor Gotoda spent a peaceful morning. I have to spend peace.

“I don’t want to do it.” Is it forced to hide the information to us? Isn’t it?

What is the reason why we are involved? From Vanderou, I don’t think it’s an o  to say “I’m going back from theザs”.

Mao, who chose not to be involved with Vandalu, was not going to be involved with Vandalu. At least, I don’t think I’m involved.

Actually, if you are trying to contact someone, you will be asked to say, “Why don’t you come back?” That’s why he intends to make a facility to supervise the Emperor Amid.

“Well, I think that’s right?” It seems that there was almost no Japanese feeling, but if you apologize for the old things, it seems that the mouth is blocked and silent.

Is it a decision to become a ally of Vanderou if it is involved?

“What do you like to go to the enemy? That’s why Vandaloo’s world is destroyed.”

"...It's like that."

Dr. Dwarf and Elf had a peaceful day.

Next story will be posted on October 6th.