Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Four hundred seventh story Higher priority than post-war and former emperor processing

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Vandalu returned from the gods by destroying Lodcorte, followed by Dalcia who successfully sealed Nilthak and the real Tarosム who evacuated the entire city.

Then I talked about postwar processing.

戦争aking precisely, the war is ongoing because the Amidst the Holy Land and the Duchess of Fゾン have not yet surrendered. ......For the Duchess of Fasson, whose duches are healthy in the Duchess, it will be quite difficult to treat the Amid Sacred States, which was the top of the country as well as the military commander.

However, both of them have already destroyed their main fighting power, and for Vanderouts who have to solve their political or even more imminent problems, they are already in time to look beyond the postwar.

“How do you announce the story of Aldas? I know it’s not hidden?”

When processing the soul of Alda, the statue of the gods in the temple of Alda and the temple of the obedience of Alda, cracked, and flowed blood tears. Also, the devout believer heard the scream of God.

"Alda is not only. Yupeon is also a problem. Nirtak is just sealed, so it’s okay.

“Although the statue and the believer of Niltak is okay, the statue and the believer of the God of the Alda forces enclosed in Niltak seem to have been a refuge.”

In addition to Arda, the same damage occurred to the gods and believers who were hurt by the “God of Ice” yupeon and the “Sick of Innocentness” of Nilthak.

The statue of Alda is not only on the Amidst the Holy Land, but also on the Duke of the Kingdom of Orbaum.

And it would be the same in human society other than the Baangaia continent.

No, it’s about the country of Vanderou. Don't hide it. However, it is also true to publicize the fact that "Vandalu has processed and pulled the soul."

It is because the resent of the vandaloo of the believers of Alda forces becomes deeper.

If you have been invaded, you might think about what you are doing war, but the negative feelings from the defeated country are na .戦争lomatic problems, developments in small competition, and wars.

Even if it became a war again, there is a belief that it can be defeated one by one. The bellwood is destroyed and the honey is dead. However, as Vandalou, the son of “the goddess of life and love”, I thought that “I should do so.”

However, there is no way to avoid unexpected situations for Vandaloos when Alda himself participated in this Holy War.

“Now, let’s do it because of Dark Avalon? The Devil's residual party appeared there, and Gduranis actually revived again, so I think that the power of the game can be felt."

Vandalou came up with Dark Aberon and again pushing the dirty role to the sixth road. However, Dalcia had a difficult face and lying the neck.

“It might be true, but it’s just because it’s the Holy War that originally designated Vandalu as the Magic King, so I think that the people of the Amid Sacred States can’t be false.”

"... certainly, it may be difficult. If you succeed, you may not be able to misunderstand the short time.

In this world, the technology of information transmission is undeveloped which is necessary to quickly assemble and analyze the information held in various parts of the world. Therefore, it is possible to make mistakes in the short term.

However, it may be difficult for the humans of the kingdom of Orbaum to be active in the future to misunderstand the long-term in roughly情報ed information.

And the Amid。 country side ... there is a possibility that there is no ear to hear the announcement of the Vidal Magic Empire side in the first place. If you deceive, you will have to do it well.

"So, I was punished by Alda, and all the gods of Vida were destroyed by Alda, and it was revived by Alda. Vanderou saved the gods of the Vida family, who destroyed the evil gods of the magical king, and the magical kings. What do you say?

The announcement is made by Vida.

I see. The relationship between Vida and Alda is known to everyone, and the evil Gods of the Magnolia who Alda had managed the seal will be known in the Kingdom of Orbaum. Zanthak of the Magic Continent is a lot of people who see the appearance of Pelia, Botin, and Rikula.

“If you’re a Dalcia, you’ll be able to suppress the resent of the Alda believer against your husband. I don’t think it’s perfect...”

“Bermond, don’t give up that way.” Because there are too many people. Let’s spend more than a hundred years or thousand years in the future.

That's it.

Vandalou should not leave the roots after , but it is not thought until “I should never leave the roots.” I just follow the conscience that he thinks.

"Yes, I would like to write a script to Nuasa, and give it to the mother and the chief of the temple of Vida. Then, I solved the seals of the gods of Rikuhin and Vida.

“Is it, but the processing of the Amid Holy Land is better to give us a mouth?”

」

The postwar process of the Holy War was assumed to be troublesome even in the Baangaia continent where the hundreds of nations repeated the war.

In the past few hundred years, the Amid and the Orbaum Kingdom were two types: the empire, the Milg shield, and the kingdom of Saulon.

However, this war ... because God complained about the opening of the war, later in the war called the Alda war, the battlefield is also known as before.

The Duchess of Fazon should not be governed by the Duchess of Fazon and other aristocrats, and there are many people who believe Alda and deny the believers and new tribes. It is a tedious land even if anyone is going to control in the future.

However, there is a na、 land, but there is only a large port in the Kingdom of Orbaum, and there is also a corresponding advantage because it is the dukes that can be traded outside the Bahngaia continent. Therefore, it is complicated to think of each of the Duchess of Fazon.

In order to get the blessing of the sea and trade, stretch your hand to the toxins, or drink poisons to other duches, and you are trying to earn profits by pushing the borrow in the name "aid"?

It may be a dirty story of politics as soon as you win the Holy War. However, because the Duchess are governmental and obligated to develop their own territory, it is natural to run a certain process.

However, the treatment of the Duchess of Fazon, who believes that the duches of the Orbaum kingdom are the most ideal, would be that the Vidal Magic Empire is a land of occupyation.

All tedious things are handled by the Vidal Magic Empire, and some of the Duchess that are away from the boundary range make it easy to cross because the distance is close.

The caution against the power of the Vidal Magic Empire was understood by the Orbaum kingdom, when it was necessary.

But for Vandaloos, the Duke of Fazon is almost 100% of the land that has no taste. The Vidal Magic Empire, which cures the continent of the mer  country in the southern part of the Baangaia continent, the magic continent, and the galtland, has acquired the seafood. In addition, it is easy to cross and go to your country.

I saw a lot of hardships to control the people who are antitrust, and I don’t think I want them. If it is normal, I will give it as a territory to the Shohei of the country who gave the Sengoku, but in the case of Vidal Magic Empire, it is a reward or punishment game that is away from the main country where Vandalou is well.

If the Vidal Magic Empire tries to cure the Duchess of FAZON, then Vandaloo will be able to defeat with stress, or if all the con s of the Duchess of FAZON will be lost, or if either win, no one will be able to win.

That’s why Vandaloo doesn’t want to go out to the Duchess of Fゾン.

Therefore, the postwar processing of the Duchess of Fazon will be held in the Kingdom of Orbaum. First of all, I think that you will be talking about who will conduct the army for the Fゾン Duchess strategy that has not yet surrendered. However, the army of the Duchess of Fazon is destroyed, and the majority of the lords died, so it will be a type of army.

However, Amid Saints cannot take post-war processing to the Duke of the Orbaum Kingdom.

When it comes to mind, Vandalou himself moved the boundary to physically separating the border between the Duke of Saulon and the Milg shield.

Of course, it is possible to go by spatial attribute magecraft, but the use of spatial attribute magecraft that can freely move the number of adults is limited to gufadoghan andーン de.

Alternatively, there is a hand to revert the borders that were separated by changing the shape of the mountain range, or to make a tunnel... it means to return to the east and west of the continent.

As Vandalou, there is no problem for the kingdom of Orbaum to invade the Amidst the Holy Land and to control the occupied territory. Rather, I was going to cooperate in Norinori, saying "I want to do" the Hadroth of the elizabeth of the Duchess of Saulon and the Duchess of Jahan.

However,ザzabeth said, “I don’t want to stand out if you don’t have any assistance in your country in the future, so I don’t like it!”

I asked the Schneダー of “Zun Rai” to say “I can’t see it?” but I asked him the opinion that “I can’t do it?”

So Vandaloo initially thought as follows:

。 Let's leave

The state of the Amid Holy Land, which was the home country, will leave everything.

It is not known that the former country will develop independent wars and will become a battle of muduma by developing as the driving force of the former country.

And even if the new order is devastated, the war may come again to the Vidal Empire or Orbaum Kingdom.

At that time, it is only to undead by defeating those who have been attacking beyond the burial sea and mountains.

The Vidal Magic Empire has been invasive wars and has just destroyed it. There is no blame if you leave the valley built on the Milg shield side.

Because it is "the child of the Vida", even the general public of Alda believers in the enemy country will not actively kill, and it will not fall.

However, I don’t think I’d like to take care of everything. They are not livestock. If you are a human, you should have your own will and have your thoughts. If there is an excellent person in the Amid Holy State or its country, it will be avoided the war of the Muduma and the reckless war.

At least, there are no other gods in the Holy War.

After explaining the above things towards the marshkuzar in the body, Vandaloo continued.

“I know that, but when I actually tried to war, the Holy War was more mashi. “It’s precisely the army that was dispatched from the country of Marmuk, the sea country of Karahd, and the country of the Amid Sacred Kingdom of Kernel Yondo”

」

“Therefore, we would like to help people who have met Peria and Botin’s deity, and in the future they will be responsible for the central part of the country, and we will cure the 大陸 part of the Baangaia in the three countries of the former country of Amid、.”

“... Will each of them be independent of the home country that is dedicated mainly to the gods of the parent Vida family, such as Peria and Botin? It is a good idea to ensure the possibility of foreign trade.

Milg shield country is poor

Marshkuzar, from the description of Vandalou, decided to see how they are going to be in the 。 part of the continent.

The reason why miグ shields are removed from the country where they are trying to force and independently. It is a country that has worshipped Alda mainly like the Amid Saint. Half of the reasons why it was judged that it could be the second Amid empire if you put the power on the lower hand.

The remaining half will be the past resent.

The Milg shieldを実行ed two hundred years ago and about seven years ago to Tarosム, and the first征edition of two hundred years ago destroyed the Talosム.

In addition, he was forced to catch Dalcia and Vandalou and tried to make his hand with the "five-colored blade" and he was the Count of Thomas Parpapec, the military service of the Milg shield.

As for the征edition, the original vampire was dark on the back, but it was thought that it would not be worth the情. That’s it.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. at least, may survive)

After that, in the wonders of Vandalou, the Amid。 and Mirg shields should be the common enemy to unite Karahad, Malmouk, and Yondo and distract the eyes from the former enemy.

However, the Amid、 would be occupied and 、 into the original country much earlier than the Milg shield. Amid is located in the center of the 。 part of the continent and is surrounded by other countries. It is weak, so it is not likely that the country where there is no government.

If that happens, the Milg shield country will earn a time to stand up because the Amid。 country is between the other countries.

There is no possibility of living as a country in some cases.

Indeed, Marshkuzar asked Vandalu to switch thoughts from the end of their home country and the Milg shield country.

“I’m talking about it, but I’m talking about it too much?”

I see. Have you noticed that we are trying to pass the predecessor and predecessor’s identity to Mikuni?

“Is it?”

One of the strengths that Vandalou performs in Malmouk and Karahad was the identity of those who are the great names that invade Amid。.

We succeeded in securing the spirit by debating a person called "Zero Sword" in the Holy War. It was a dangerous place because I was brewing holy water and protective signs in my pocket."

Carmine of the Zero Sword, who missed the marshkuzar affiliate (。ing the Marme Duke), was also added to the Holy War with the commandment of the Emperor Ayrek.

I don’t want to go out to the front line as a karmyin, but instead of the emperor, I don’t go against the order of the emperor. Therefore, if you were killed, you would have come up with as much preparation as you thought not to recover the spirit. However, the spirit left on the ground because I tried to defeat before I noticed.

。 I was a competent man. If you use it as an undead, it is good to use it."

Yes. If you have a body, you will be able to assemble people who were 15 swords.

It is also a family before and before. First, after finding the person and securing his/her own personality, I will decide where to send the person to hear their wishes.

Whatever you choose, it will eventually be sent to the country other than the Milg shield country, but it seems that Vandaloo is going to consider who you want to visit.

As a government, there is a child who doesn’t know anything, and the adult may not need it, but it’s going to talk about it.

"So, I would like to explain in advance. In addition, if no one wants to go with you, only one of you will be sent to the country where you did not have a hope."

“I’m probably going to do that.”

Vanderou did not seem to have a good relationship with the relatives and the public. And that was the right answer.

Marshkuzar, who was not able to make a child who was officially married and became a successor due to the long life of the half elf, but in the unlikely event, he kept "preparation".

It was his own child who was unofficially produced to the brothers and relatives of the marshkuzar who did not stand another house like the duke of Malmo.

The affiliate who he ordered and missed Carmine is such a person.

The former was still a good relationship with Marshkuzar. However, it is not a relative, it is close to the boss and subordinates.

The latter, in the first place, had no relationship because the father did not teach it to marshkuzar. I am surprised to know that I was the child of marshkuzar for the first time in this issue.

In addition, the son of Zorkodrio, who is a member of the storm of 嵐ence, said that the blood of marshkuzar, there is a jeek, but both of them did not have his name.

For Vandalou, he was the son of Zorkodrio, and Marshkuzar knew that he would just lose the flair of Vandalou, even if he gave his name.

However, neither marshkuzal nor jeek have a parent-child feeling.

On the other hand, Marshkuzar is the age of many years because the person who draws his blood remains inside the Vidal Magic Empire. ......I don’t know how to get my son or grandson, even if he is not interested in the   part of the continent.

There is a possibility that it is a little. It’s enough for Marshkuzar.

“Whatever happens, I’m going to come out here in the vicinity.”

“Is it... I have a way to work?”

In other words, Marshkuzar was more suspicious than talking about his relatives.

Then the date changed and the east and west of the continent came to Arda’s sanctuary to perform post-war processing that Vanderou can only him.

It is necessary to process the fragments of the souls of the remaining magical kings managed by Alda, and he may have left the seals of the remnants and the gods of the Vida family who did not use in the Holy War.

“We have the hands we carry, but we don’t do that.”

“It’s bad to have a hard time after the war.”

Pelia, Botin, Zanthak and Lixus were released before the seal was集まって together with Vida and Zurwan.

The Gods of the Vida family, whose seals were already released by Vanderou from the deception of the souls of the Magic. However, the deficiency of the soul of the King is not yet eaten simply by resealing.

In a short period of time, a large amount of gudulanis' soul fragments are squeezed, and the nature of the absorbed vandulanis is close to Gudulanis. Therefore, we plan to absorb time in the future.

That’s why we came to the Gods of Alda to see whether the Alda that Vandalou has processed the soul really works. And to know what God is enclosed.

"I confirm, but resealed if it is a remnant of the Magnolia army. If there is a desire to do this world, and if there is a coexistence, you can solve the seal and see the appearance. No problem with this?

“No objection”

The God that Vandalou is trying to make sure is the “God of the Sins” Giarodips. A god who made him sleep for a long time.

It can be a big threat depending on the personality and the power that came together with Bellwood. However, it may become a ally to be dependent.

Like the guardian deity of Gartland, there is an example of changing the policy after the war, even if it belongs to the Mao army at the time of the war with the Mao Gudulanis.

That’s why I came to check.

"I'm here, according to my memory... I'm going to go."

“Zurwan...”

Wait When I came to Alda, I was sure that I felt a bit of care!

“O brothers, you are lions.” When did you become a dog?

After sniffing the odor of the ground with the head of the four lions, the slwan that stands at the top and the slwan is installed in the midst.

“Well, Alda seems to have been feared of “the evil god of sinners”. I made a maze in the gods, and it seems to be enclosed in the back of it.

“When we stepped in, it seems that it was connected with the lower layer of dungeon, but it seems that it was 、ped tightly after that.”

"...If you like this, I would like to put my strength in the seal of the 片fact of the soul of Gudulanis."

『』』

"The seal of the soul of Gudulanis was not solved by unfortunate accidents or accidents, but Alda himself solved, so it was not meaningless even if you put it in force?"

'''

“The more you know, the more you breathe out.”

The maze had no 罠s, and there were no magical things that differ from the dungeon, so there was no danger, but it took time to reach the back.

“I can hear the sound.”

“This is a sound that揺s a thin chain?”

I thought that a thin chain like a chain of pendants has heard a light and high sound.

“...This is... it’s a great god...”

There are countless piles on the wall of the dim stone. The narrow chain stretched from a small gap of the pile, and the voice was heard.

“It’s full of elaborateness just by speaking, but it’s a welcome idea.”

A narrow chain is sucked into the gap of the pile by making sound. After that, the voice was named.

"Our God of Sinners" Welcome to Daijin.

“Vandalu, which has recently become God”

Since the aisle was narrow, Vandaloo, who had changed the shape like a grotesque place ten at the end of the zulwarn, was a self-introduction while being packed in the aisle.

This time, I visited the gods only by soul.

I would like to post this month.