Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 376: The future of the closed Duchy of Sauron

It is not difficult to skip the mountain, but it is difficult to move the mountain......It is difficult to avoid various problems after moving it.

If it is not a single mountain, the difficulty of the mountain is also jumped.

"It was good to prepare well. If I was only a pet, I would have been working hard with lonely and fatigue on the way.

The sam that puts him on the ship to Vandaloo, who said to have a cane in one hand.

“I waited for about three days through my talk to the army of the 冒険lds and the Duchess of Saulon, so that I reached the border to the soldiers and adventurers of the fort, but I feel that the preparations made by Bo-chan ended in about an hour.”

“I’m just ready for a good time.” That’s Sam, including what I’m riding, “If I’m alone, I’ve been on the way.”

Vanderou's magic is close to the unexhaustible collection. In addition, even when using the magic power, it continues to recover large amounts by the effect of [Magic Power Super Recovery] skill.

However, it is not really endless. It is a difficult business to move a mountain range that has become a goム by one person, and to add a strong and thick rock to a wide range of grounds, and to adjust it to the underground water terrain.

In addition, I don’t want to think about it to “flight” and remove the magic that flies out from the mountains and the sky.

......It may be possible, but it was not Vandaloo to challenge such a lonely and  cy work.

“I’m honored to say that! However, there is no doubt that if someone who doesn’t know about this景, it will be misunderstood.”

The samurai around Vandalu was like tarea, kachia, Gizania, muze, and Yuma.

If you see someone who knows nothing about the situation, you will see the beauty after the scene. They are wearing clothes that look at their shoulders.

"I don't see people who don't know the situation, so I can make us as much as I like. Home

Home There’s nothing to care about the great Vanderou.”

And [Metamorph] and [Black Maria] of the mari and [The Wickness of the Labyrinth], Gwhadghan was also kept behind Vandalu.

“I don’t really know how much it is.”

“Yes, Van”

While Tarea is hugged, it is sweet and whispered at the ears of Vandaloo.

"So, I'll suck more about me and eat me."

“Talea... You can fall with anemia if you breathe blood more than this? After that, it takes some time to recover your physical strength and blood even if you eat some of me.”

Vandalou has not been a really satisfactory experience. Just drink the blood of Taleas to use the skill to recover the magical power and strengthen the ability. And they only eat some of them to recover quickly.

What we eat is that we improved the bloodposion created from the blood of Vandalou. A high concentration of 草cinal herbs and grasses made with [the bone marrow of the magical king], which he changed to [the magical art], is named as brad eggs.

The appearance is a red-black sphere wrapped in a jelly-like substance. It is a hugeエルog egg, and the taste is slightly bitter when you get used to the thick,詰めed Blood Potion. ......And it is a drama that the person who is not guided is likely to get a sharp mutation to the body when it is mouth.

However, only effective、rition and recuperative medicine for those who are already guided. However, it is necessary to take some time to not only cure wounds but also to promote hematopoietic and recover blood loss.

Vandalou himself also picks the 片facts of Brad Eggs and the Witch King. [Capacity Enhancement: Co-Eating] and [Self-Regeneration: Co-Eating] to meet the conditions of the skill, but this may be called "Auto Fジー, Self-Eating".

“If I’m sucking my blood! I’m still in the blood because the volume is about to fight one or two, so there’s still a lot of blood!”

“I don’t lose myself if I’m volume! I’m confident in life!”

It was Privel and Guisania that came out before instead of Talea. The lower body of the prebell, which is a sラical origin, is a sp。. The upper body is a woman, but it seems that there is a volume of the average number of women only if the lower body is included.

“It’s important to me because I suck the blood pressure that doesn’t matter if I lost the volume first. Please be aware that there is a lot of volume, but there is a lot of blood required."

However, Vandalou seems to have burned blood by calculation. Of course, there is a lot of space from the minimum amount necessary to avoid unexpected situations.

It is a result of care for the health of her.

“Now. There is no malaise yet, so please rest slowly.

“Yes, I don’t want to try it because I’m still a little lazy.”

In other words, muze and kachia came from the opposite side of Talea.

“If you’re so busy, will you cross with Belmonds?”

"Let's open the "transition gate" immediately because of the great Vandaloo"

“I don’t care because it’s okay!”

However, Mali and Gphadoghan said, both of them suddenly energeticly and lying around the neck.

Of course, Vandalu is to breathe blood, but it is suitable for Bermond, which has the unique skills of [official], Eleonola with high regeneration ability, and Dalcia, the incarnation of Vida. And initially, they were supposed to embark on the Sam's cargo.

However, Tarah had objections.

Only Belmonds are swelling, and sometimes you want to drink your own blood. In addition, Dalcia has to do it with Kanako on the ground.

Dalcia says: That’s why we asked Vanderou, and Taran is here.

“I’m sorry, but Talah doesn’t have to assemble all of the people in Gur? Is it possible to lead the people in S ula?”

However, Talea is originally a long man of Gur, and Pribel is the daughter of the elders of the S ar family. Gizania and Yuma are also the princess of their respective races.

"Good, Van"

However, there is a problem with samurai in Vanderou.

There are few people who know me in human society. If there is Zadilis or busdia, it is enough to represent Goul.

Talea plays an important role in everyday life, such as helping to create ティfacts such as transforms. Since it is dangerous to appeal to human beings alone, Tarea is rarely standing in human society at the stage of Canako.

Therefore, if there is Zadilis andディアdia, who are known to exist in human society as opposed to her, it is thought that the symbols and docs of Gour as a new breed of Vida are enough.

The same reason for me. In the first place, I was not such a big stand, and I wanted toキス my Van.”

It is not a血 but blood absorption. I can't deny it.

How about Privel?

“I don’t have any problems.” My mother is the mother who is close to Van.

And Privel seems to be here because the mother, Perivale, is the chief of the present, and the mother believes that this is important.

In fact, it is said that the auxiliary of Vanderou that is moving the mountain range is important.

“I’m here because my country is not participating this time?”

“I am the same.”

"Sometime" According to the theory, it seems that ninja should not stand out. Also, it is not a princess."

It is not a princess, Gizania, the princess of Zanarpadna, and the princess of the princess of the king of the monks, but now the muze, which became the most promising of the embusa, says to the mouth.

"It is of course, but it does not suck until the blood recovers."

That said, chew the fragments of the slack, which are part of the de。s of the sludge King. The taste of your own meat spreading in the mouth. ......I don’t think it’s delicious.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. If you have a potion or cream effect, this is really just a de s.

However, I think it’s just a part of myself.

Since there is a vampire who is sucking his own blood, Vandaloo was convinced.

“Where Van, you don’t have to make an extra messenger?”

Vanderoo switched his thoughts, questioned by Mari.

"I think it is enough now."

It is not the person who responded to the marie. He is a huge brain-only witch King.

This is a cerebral use demons created by Vandaloo to assist the control of the magic. In addition, there is a treasure that generates internal organs and magic to maintain existence inside the brain.

If it is normal, it seems to be self-destructive and self-destruction of the brain of two meters height, but it is harder than tofu because it is [the brain of the king].

However, if it is not a sam that is outstanding stability, it will be wrapped in a hard shell, etc., it will be consumed too much.

By connecting the cerebral-type witch King and Vandalou body, processing capacity is raised. It is a supercomputer that connects the brain instead of the machine.

And I'm making it. It is a magma king for visual auxiliary that only wings and feathers were born in the eyeball about one meter in diameter, flying around the sam.

This is to make sure that there is a place where the magic is not escaped, or a place where it collapses in the mountain range, or where it is 没 down to the ground or where it is raised.

This is not only about Sam, but also the planned location where the mountain ranges are installed from the former Skulla Autonomous Region, and finally the northern part of the Bahngaia continent, which is separating the mountains from the sea, it is countless.

“I want to eat it!”

And it is a messenger king for Bakunawa's snack. This is an indispensable use wizard to prevent the necessary use wizard kings from being eaten in baknawa.

By the way, Bakunawa likes the use magic king, the eyeball and the brain are a big use magic king. The eyeball can be played in the mouth, but the brain likes the creamyness that is pro d on the tongue.

"I can eat it if you are a messenger for snacks."

“Oh, eat me here instead of me.”

"But it is helpful to eat even magic."

"Yes, but here's the magic, it's not so strong, and it's easy to taste, and it's not too much."

。 the magic of the continents and the continents of the Devil, the magic of the boundary mountains is not in the mouth. Even if you say that there is a low rank in the magical continent, it is easy to defeat in the same adventurer. Because there is a magical thing, it is probably related to the concentration of the magic that has contaminated the magical precinct.

While Bakunawa doesn’t eat magic, Pete is working hard to kill the magic. Because there were few original high-ranked monsters, it was enough if there were lots ofスキルs with skills.

That’s why Bakunawa is here because Bakunawa himself said, “I want to help my sister.”

The child is the help of parents and older brothers. I thought that Baknawa has progressed to its growth in the early days. ......It was a moment to see the Bakunawa, and the spirit of the officers packed in the fort on the border of the Duchess of Saulon. However, I decided to think that it should be okay if you only see it far away.

Bakunawa was a great judgment material for human beings, and the gods of the Alda forces were seen in the fight to release Botin, and Bakunawa himself was also strongly self-def .

Aladia, who is not yet able to fight, is the mother of Diana and守.

“Gシャia Aaa!”

And even if Bakunawa changes the inconsistency of appetite from the wizard to the wizard, the peat is eaten for that minute.

The total length of the Pete, which became a 100-metre thunder of the thunder, ranked up, becomes a giant that exceeds 100-metre, and it releases a禍 atmosphere.

When the Pete became a thunderbolt, he was surprised much except the Pete himself. Beast king is a subdi , and dinosaur means the king of the beast created by Gunpaprio. It was a new fact that the king of the beast was ranked up by the witch, Lucilia, Gufadghan, and the goddess of water and knowledge.

It was thought that it was not actually the king of the beast, but I learned [ Reinforcement of the Beast of the Hundred Legs is considered to have been really "Hundred Legs" because there is a normal 100 feet that are not magical to the subject of the skill.

And when I asked Rafas, the king of the bird, which is in the magical continent, whether the monster could be the king of the beast, I had a face like the bean gun. I didn’t have any idea.

According to Rafas, new beasts can be born. However, it seems to be the king of the beast in the form that the child of the beast inherits after the beast king died by some factors.

Therefore, it seems that the beast of the王 who did not exist originally, and it was not thought to be a dream when it was born from the monster. However, there was a possibility that there was a chance to be a beast king, a true giant, a 。 from a monster somewhere in this world just by not knowing what was in the magical continent.

Rafas said that while looking at Vanderou. ...... It is important to absorb [the missing of the king] and take away from Gudulanis, so I thought that the magic can be enough to become a beast.

“How did you do it?”

“No, I thought that I would like to rank up like Pete and come up with friends who become beast kings and 。s.” I don’t know how to become a beast from a monster for any reason.”

No one denyed when answering Talea.

“The great Vandalu, which has been reborn from another world, has been attracted to the earth of this world and made great efforts. That’s why it’s natural that the great vandaloos serve.

Rather, Gwhadghan has actively agreed to Vandalu himself for reasons not familiar.

“Peat is something similar to the beast king, not the beast king. People who repeatedly drink the blood of Vandalou will change to the dwelling.

"...I get it!"

Vandalu was distant to think about Kaア's opinion, but I did not think about it at all.

“Do Tadano become the king of Nezmi?”

“I think it’s better for Marols. As a box, I want to support the same tactile companion Tama and Gyoku."

YAMATA and RAPIE SAGE are going to be something

Yuma gave a new beast candidate.

』

The skulls were flying there.

“What did you do? What can you do on the ground?”

The number of magic that comes out from the mountain range is very small, so it is progressing smoothly. ......Dalcia is flying to calm down the borders and the soldiers and residents of the citadel city.

It seems that the earth is somewhat difficult by people who see the moving mountains, baknawa and pate, not the magic that has been flooded.

“What is a Boneman and Curiosity?”

“Hey! It seems that he was looking for mercy to God while crying!”

It seems that it seems like something at the end of this world.

This may be the first. Do you want to stop working? That was Vandaloo, but it seems that people are re立ちing from panic.

“But Vida, Botin, and Pelia have sent Gods, and there are cities and forts that have been conf、 before Darussia, and have already resolved it?”

There is no need for a limited priest who has excellent talent to accurately convey complex content, but it is not difficult to find the necessary conditions if you just tell it is calm.

After that, the priests from all over the world who have been entrusted to God will take full advantage of their desires.

“I feel like I did a bad thing, but I think that I should be able to forgive it because I will not stand on the arrows in the war with the Amid Saints.”

“What is the question? Is it better not to cause war?”

“Catiah, when the war disappears, the military condensation... The budget that is distributed to the army is lowered, so it is not good for the fort on the border or the citadel city.”

Because the border was in contact with the enemy country, there were many fort near the border, and the family of the lord who worked on the fort had built and maintained the castle city as a relay point to send the necessary supplies to the fort.

When it comes to separating the enemy country and the high mountain range, it can not be found just a gold food。.

“For a while, I think that it remains as a defence base for adventurers who intervene the monsters from the magical precincts of the mountain range, and when the monsters ran out, it is a defense base.”

“Oh, I could help you for the reason why I say “I’m the 帝国 of the Amid Empire” from other Duchess here, but I don’t have it?”

"Pribel, it is okay if you get profit by trade with our country. If you don’t have any problem, I’ll make pocket money out of the box.

“...I’m better to combine it anymore?”

While Pribel points out the future darkness of the Duke of Saulon, it seems to be forced to brighten as long as Elizabeth is cured by a strong back shield called Vanderou. ......Yes, Elizabeth didn’t get the back shield. It is possessed.

Because it is possessed, it is impossible to get it by the will of Elizabeth.

“T。 things you want to report. First of all, I ranked up and ranked 15 Plu、 God's skeleton!

And the report of the skeleton was backed by the expectation of Vandaloo.

Pluto God's Skeleton. Compared to the skeletons of the past, it is quite different name. It is different from the sub-jin, but it is not completely different.

“When I think from the name of the tribe, it is a knight that can serve the deity, but it is the deity of the deity ..... Maybe perhaps I mean my thing.”

I didn’t know what the Pluto God is and what Vanderou is. However, at the moment when he says, “Who is that the Pluto God?”, he said, “The Lord, do you think that I can serve the Lord!?” and the future of crying was expected.

So I decided to admit that it is quite astringent.

“Oh, thank you, Lord! If you say that you are not the Pluto God, you are uneasy and uneasy!”

It seems that there was an expectation.

“It’s growing that Vans can recognize from themselves. I was thinking that it would be a long time because it was not very different.

"Talea, it is a tribal problem that does not grow tall. I plan to grow to two meters over the next 100 years.

In addition, the two-metre-high is the ideal self-height of Vanderou, and there is no ground in particular.

“What’s another thing you want to report?”

“J!! People worship the Lord as God in the fort, castle city and village along the border.”

“Well, what?”

Vandaloo listened to the report of the bones. If you are pregnant, it is because it was serious.

“Oh, I’m going to do that.”

“Is it funny?”

"I thought that Van is not aware, but still?"

“Who was the first time?”

However, Tarah seemed to have expected this from the beginning.

“Talea, everyone, if you were looking for the future?”

"No, it's not. I'm looking forward to what I'm doing.

“What I’m doing? Muze, I’m just breaking down the border between the Duchess of Saulon and the Milg shield.”

"I think it is the reason for the Lord"

In the words of Mali, Vanderou looked around the surroundings, but only a person who agrees to Mali several times.

As Vandalou, it was possible to move the mountain range even if it was a large business. In the past, it was easy to climb by changing the shape of the cliff when crossing the boundary with Tale, Kaア, and Zadilis. And when I dived into the Baron of Hartner, I reトンネルed the tunnel that passes through the mountain range.

The movement of the mountain range was only known as the extension line.

I was able to get everyone's cooperation in this way, and I thought it was quite an amazing thing. However, I really didn't expect that it would be such a great feat that he would go beyond being respected and be worshiped as a god.

(If this continues, he will be worshiped not only along the border but also throughout the Sauron Duchy as the god who moved the mountains. Please help me, Bolgadon.)

Vandalieu immediately sought help from Bolgadon, the ``Mountain God'' who was worshiped next to the Sauron Duchy. However, for some reason, the image of Bolgadon shaking his head and saying, ``Eh, it's impossible, I can't make sense of it now,'' flashed in my mind, so I decided to give up.

At a hastily held brain meeting, the idea is to credit Bakunawa's accomplishments, as many people must have seen him, but if they do that, if any trouble arises from moving the mountain range, the blame will be directed at him. Also, using my young child as a scapegoat is the worst thing a human can do, so I reject it.

As a result...I decided that by dispersing the achievements, I hoped that people's faith would turn to things other than myself.

"For now, let's name the newly formed part of the mountain range 'Ark Mountains'. Then, build the Rikulent Temple, the Zurvan Temple, and the Botin Temple. Let's ask Elizabeth-sama for a policy to generate spring water or hot springs and build the hot spring town 'Solda' with Peria Temple at its center."

Thus, the Sauron Duchy's economic recovery plan began.

"Van, by the way, can we create sisters who are separated by blood and other things? They want us to have a body, so they're asking us to cooperate."

“It’s fine as long as it’s someone Mari thinks she can trust.… Or rather, is it possible to do something like that?”

"I don't know, so I thought, well, I'll give it a try. It's okay, he's a very trustworthy person."

Furthermore, at that time, there was a greater panic on the Mirg Shield State side than along the border on the Sauron Duchy side.

No god knew about the situation in advance, and the priests did not know whether to tell them to flee now or calm down, and the people were frightened by the moving mountains that echoed with groaning sounds, and by the sight of giant dragons and centipedes flying above them.

And then, the strong fort that the Mirg Shield Nation was proud of was forced to deal with the monsters that overflowed from the mountain range, which had changed its name from the Boundary Mountain Range to the ``Ark Mountains.''

Although the number was small for the powerful ghouls, Scylla, demons, and undead armies that were fully prepared, it was far from a small number for the Mirg shield nation army who had been caught by surprise.

After the gods of the Alda faction issued an oracle to the priests of the Mirg shield nation saying, ``This is part of the demon king's power,'' they simply watched the situation unfold.

Regardless of the people of the Amid holy country, for the gods of the Alda faction, it is not the Chosen Kingdom of Orbaume that must be defeated, but Vandalieu and the Vidal Demon Empire that he rules.

It would be troublesome if the road to the Sauron Duchy was blocked by a mountain range. But at least it's not a situation where you have to muster up all your strength and fight it with all your might.

In that case, Alda and the others thought that they should use it to show who the enemies of the Amid Holy Country were.

As a result, the fear and awe of the people living under the influence of the Amid Holy Country would be directed at Vandalieu, but Alda thought it would be fine as long as it brought the Amid Holy Country together.

This is because Alda and his friends believed that Vandalieu was a reincarnated person from another world who absorbed the Demon King, and although some people worshiped him as a god in the Demon Empire and Orbaume Kingdom that he ruled, he did not actually become a true god.

《[Magic power constant super recovery], [Magic power recovery speed super increased], [Ability value enhancement: Believing], [Magic power enhancement when staff is equipped], [Blood lineage], [Golem creation], [Ability value enhancement: Cannibalism], [Self-regeneration: Cannibalism] The skill levels have increased! 》

――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Bonito

・Rank: 15

・Race: Skeleton Knight of the Underworld God

・Level: 55

・Two names: [Roaring Flame Killer]

・Passive skills

dark vision

Strength: 7Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Loyalty: 8Lv (UP!)

Spiritual body: 10Lv

Ability value enhancement: Riding: 8Lv

Self-super-strengthening: Creator: 3Lv (Self-strengthening: Awakening & UP from the creator!)

Self-super-strengthening: Guidance: 2Lv (Self-strengthening: Awakening & UP from guidance!)

Physical resistance: 6Lv (UP!)

Killing recovery: 7Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Reign: 6Lv (UP!)

Physical strengthening: Bone: 10Lv (UP!)

Reinforcement: 3Lv (NEW!)

Ability value enhancement: Main mission: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Ugly bone swordsmanship: 8Lv (UP!)

Shield bone technique: 2Lv (UP!)

Archery: 10Lv (UP!)

Stealth: 4Lv

Cooperation: 10Lv

Command: 8Lv (UP!)

Armor Bone Technique: 3Lv (UP!)

Riding: 7Lv

Remote control: 10Lv

Aura of fear: 9Lv (UP!)

Parallel thinking: 8Lv (UP!)

Limit transcendence: 2Lv (Awakening & UP from limit breakthrough!)

Familiar demon: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic sword limit breakthrough: 5Lv (UP!)

・Unique skills

bone blade

Xerx's protection

Vandalieu's protection

Roger Fifi's protection

The next story will be posted on June 26th.

Volume 4 of my comic book is scheduled to be released on June 22nd! Additionally, the next episode will be posted on June 24th on Niconico Seiga and Comic Walker.

Please take a look if you like.