Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 398: The sword is broken, the old demon lord returns for the third time

It was one of the changes in the flow.

"Stop! You should be defeated! It's not the spirit!"

Don’t get away! Don’t have a withdrawal order! The enemy’s predecessor is serious!

Regardless of what the Holy War Commander and the Shogun screamed, the seal of the Witch, who cooperated with the Vidal Imperial army, who prioritizes the elimination of those who care for it, and those who attempted to escape from the battlefield failed.

In particular, there are many latter. It is a Holy War that defeats the King, a battle that remains in history, and if you raise the name, it is not a dream. The Amid Holy State Government and the Alda Temple have been calling and attracted by them.

However, when I actually tried to fight, it was not such a splendid battle, and it was strong inferior to the beginning.

If it is, it would not be the one who feared the敵 of the enemy evading. However, now, the   descends from the sky, and the "five-colored blades" that should be there is no existence, and the one that is the 霊 of the Holy Knight whose 片 is paradigm of the King.

It is inferior, and it is not possible to kill all the losses. These fears were expected to be a strategy to cover the inferiority of the Sacred Army.

However, the commander's mouth is aligned with a lot of deposit, but it is necessary to say "Co e to fight as it is".

"I'm doing it! This is a long way to the Holy Land!"

“Is it possible to ignore the swords and two swords of the swords of the swords of the swords of the swords of the swords of the swords of the swords of the swords of the swords? If it is a defeat, it is not a true story! Very good!”

The warrior of the Holy War has fallen into a collapse because he can not stop the people who escape. Negative chains were occurring by those newly noticed.

However, there were people who come to the battlefield.

"Our Botin Temple Warrior Team in Malmouk! I will support the seal of the "Witch King's Flaw!"

“Pelia Temple of Fame of Karahad! Same!”

"Yondo's Magicianルドld! I will also support you!"

Just because it is not to participate in the Holy War. In戦 with the instructions of Botin and Pelia, they were away from the battlefield at the time of opening.

A huge   and boar are appearing, so I’m not going to join the warline, but when I left them, I thought that the Milg shield would die. The Vidal Magic Army also left them.

And I heard and ran from those who have escaped from the Holy War.

......The magician術ld’s magicians have the opportunity to get valuable samples.

Of course, they do not fight against the Vidal Magic Army. Rather, he defeated the Holy War, and blowed away with magic.

“The Emperor! Let’s go!”

The executives of the Holy War army, who was no longer trying to do, have 指揮ed to the highest commander of the Holy War army, but he has no power to overturn this situation.

A leak is a talent that accurately receives God’s commitment. In addition to that, there is a teaching and knowledge about the myths and the anecdote of the saints, such as the "Horaijin" Alda. In addition, magic and martial arts are also 質endous boys who have a few steps above the crowd.

But on the contrary, it's only.

His magecraft, which is only a teenager, is only inferior to an adult legendary magecraft or knight.

Of course, there is no special experience to conduct in the battlefield. If there is no shogun or knight dan, it is dangerous to march a hundred soldiers.

Ayrek’s charisma is due to the madness of the Alda. For this reason, his charisma is no longer felt for those who have lost their faith in Alda.

。 I'll conduct direct frontline."

So, at this time, he was only a策ish measure in a策ish manner that says, “Weapons are fighting by the general himself”.

(Alda) The sheep of the sacrifice for the Holy War has become a goat that has not heard the teaching of God. The only thing I can do is to pass the rest of the sheep to the altar of sacrifice)

There was no suspicion of Alda, fear of death, or suspicion of the saint warrior who calls himself as a sacrifice.

The only thing that I can’t accomplish is that I can’t do it.

"The Maje  of the Emperor! The Mother of the Emperor!"

While he heard that he screamed, he learned the armor that he had to be ceremonial, and he turned the mass and shields that were prepared to the front.

The warriors who are still belonging to the Sacred Army were str。ling to their appearance, and the shire was back.

“The Maje、 of the Pope was defeated!”

However, the talent that receives the gods was genius, and the more slightest boys than the other, the better the battlefield.

“Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

“How is the武dow?”

As the general commander of the enemy came out before, Billde and Kathia, who gave instructions to defeat, was very conf。 to the report that he returned "I want to have defeated," after a few seconds. Although I was defeated by the general general general, I was very imp。ed.

"Onore! I will take the monk of the Emperor!"

And as the Ayrek’s wishes, many of the remaining saint warriors have progressed themselves to a battlefield like hell.

In the fight against the Holy War, which is becoming a tragic war that is not end even if the general commander was defeated, there were only those who have spread the fight against each other.

"Oh! It seems that the general general deceased!"

How did you do it?

The fight between Schne  and Leonardo remained undecided.

Leonardo avoids sharp schne  kicks like a spear, and his sword tries to cut the penetration tendon through the axis of Schne . If it seems to be, Schne  will kick the sky and fly with its rebounds, and in the contrary, the head of Leonardo who removed the attack timing will be knocked down by fist.

“Isn’t you waiting for the next emperor to be instant when the emperor collapses?”

"I'm not familiar with our rules." However, I don’t have to worry.”

The Leonardo, whose ears are shredded and blood flows, was 皴ped between the eyebr  and answered.

“From that gaki, it is said that even if you have broken down, you will continue to do sanctuary.” However, I didn’t want to draw even if it doesn’t happen.”

"I'll be."

Schneダー looked at the eyes of Leonardo, and he understood that he had become more crazy than before.

If you have an opportunity, it is a person who is aiming to kill each other. There is no reason that I thought that it is a favorable hand, and there is no feeling such as friendship, Tetsuto Toruo enemies.

That’s why Schneダー noticed that the erosion of the King of the Witch has progressed in Leonardo. The wrinkle between the eyebr  is because it is not caused by the pain of the burn or scratch, but it resists the crazy to increase.

However, for Leonardo, there aren’t the following:

If you think about Amid, you will die later. Heinz wins Vandalu but not related. I lost my power and lost my power. In addition, Ayrek does not instruct any measures to set up the country after the war.

I went to the battlefield and did not hesitate to go to the front line and die, but I could see that he was indifferent about the trend of the Amid Holy Land after the Holy War and the life of the people who left.

It is a division control whether it is absorbed by any country that I have been treated as a country of belonging to. In the  case, do not interfere with the surrounding magical precincts or dungeon monsters, it is filled with un走ed magic and die.

There are no other places in the country.

In addition, Leonardo has decided that this is the last battle. He was the first time to move his [the heart of the king] to win the battle with Schne。.

Therefore, the level is rising from 1. The level does not fall even if you stop using [the heart of the King].

In other words, Leonardo is the end of this fight to make his best.

“Bad but I have to get together until I die!”

Leonardo, who laughed at a spectacular laugh, repeatedly, the high-speed and accurate penetration by the [Kiss of the Devil], and Schneダー avoided with full force.

“T ’s it! Thinking about it, you don’t have to be too dangerous to leave Temehe! But what do you do? Time is here!”

As Schneダー says, the battle already in this place has confirmed the victory of the Vidal Magic Army.

The general commander is defeated, and the residual elephant is unelephant, which is said to be a neglect. The rest is fighting with the spirit of Gods of Alda forces, whose goal is to seal the [the deficiency of the Devil]. Gigット was released from the魂 of the soul of the King.

Bodhde is still rampaged, but it is more time problem than Vandaloo is coming.

On the other hand, Leonardo will be able to demonstrate the power of [the heart of the Devil] as the level of skill rises. However, as the level of the erosion level rises, the decay of the spirit of Leonardo proceeds and becomes a carbohydrate rather than a swordman.

And I'm missing my friends.

っ

“Oh, Amid, Amid”

"Glory, it's...!"

Bjorson, who was consumed the magical power, defeated the reshana’s nausea, which expressed the appearance of the “Wickness of the Fallen” by magecraft. It is the nausea of the sake of death, where breath and bloating can be seen by par  the brain just by pulling it.

However, the slender body pulsed unnaturally and swelled, and broken the skin from inside, something appeared.

[New host]

"Yes, it's a little time until Vandaloo comes!"

Contact

In the container of ORIHALCON thrown by サーana, the 片fact of the king was inhaled and sealed.

“【Kidney of the King】Daka 【liver】I don’t know it, but thanks to the sake, it was hard to work. ...Where did you find your missing?

"It's a coincidence!"

Don’t scream to the Reshana while Druton repeatedly attacking Notors. And his cry was true.

[De。s of the King] is a thing that changed to a separate part as a result of trying to regenerate the body to revive each of the gudulanis fl。 divided into countless pieces. Therefore, there are many things that you do not know if you do not solve the seal.

However, if the seal has been unlocked in the past, it is possible to know what is missing if the record remains. In addition, even if you solve the seal and parade to yourself, you can get to know the nature of [disposal] sensoryly.

In addition, it is possible to know the nature even if it is processed into [Mao's armor].

It is unclear whether Bjorson knows the nature of [片gment] in which way, but as a result, he did her opponent because it was good compatibility with Reshana.

"Zod! Merdin, still??"

"I want to wait a little more!"

“It’s tougher than it looks!”

Zod and Merdin succeeded to defeat several other 'Knowledge Twelve Swords', but after that, the members of the "Handle" who are the underlying organization of him and others were not able to move.

However, if you are thinking about how many people are, you can immediately defeat them.

"The original Vampire solcodlio! It seals like 10,000 years ago!"

"If you don't fall the weakest of the storm of 嵐ence, you can't focus on the face!"

However, the members of "pattern" were remodeled to the re ation of the Holy Spirit as well as the Knight of the Holy Spirit. Originally, the members of the “pattern” are trained to throw away life without hesitation in order to achieve the mission.

Therefore, they chose to become a devastated person by themselves in order to make their own body into the物 of the Holy War.

Ayrek didn’t notice, but his power is higher than the Eighth Knight who uses the fl  of criminals.

"It seems to be just a mouth!"

』

However, for Zod, it is only possible to defeat by just having a little wait.

“I’m getting stronger than ten thousand years ago!”

“I don’t know how to fight!”

“The zod was released from the seal of the tree, so it was harder because it was trained every day. I don’t know that you don’t usually have a body!

Merdin, who pointed out,舞s the axes to the クロic. As led by her movement, the zod fist that is repeated breaks the bones of the spirits, and the electric shock that releases burns the blood, and the shock wave that震s the atmosphere strikes the internal organs.

It’s not the power of me. That's all. It is due to the power of bonding with friends!

As Meldin says, the current zod is much stronger than the zod tens of thousands years ago, trying to reinforce muscles more. However, it is due to the cooperation of Merdin that fights with him.

In order to adapt to her movement, Zod has been lacking in herself.

"We're a storm of 嵐ence! It's meaningful, such as the size of individual power!"

"Oh, you!? Oh, you're...!"

Even if the spirit crushed the body in the body of the zod remains on the ground as it is, at that moment, the merdin axes are broken between the head and the crotch, and the force remains on the ground disappears.

“Oh, I say that.”

Merdin’s axes are made by Orihalcon, but they can’t crush their souls, so they can’t kill them, but they’re just a few thousand years later. Real, reアer.

"...When is the tide? Well, it's time to get your luggage."

Leonardo decided that the time to fight one-on-one with Schneダー was less.

What is it?

When Schneダー had a suspicious face, blood splashes were scattered from the whole body of Leonardo. [The heart of the King] the blood。 were not tolerated with the pressure raised, and the blood came out by breaking the skin.

"I'm going to be blindfolded!? "

However, Schneダー shakes his hand swords with blood splashes. It’s definitely worth it.

っ

However, he could not be able to make Leonardo as it is. It was the right hand that he was holding the [Magical weapon] of Leonardo.

By the outstanding skills released, the seal of Orihalcon was cut by the fingers of Leonardo, which is usually not broken.

In order to escape from the liberated King's , Schne  fell behind the scenes.

!」

On the contrary, Leonardo gave a laughing voice that makes him feel crazy.

Contact

And, Leonardo, who has already contributed [the 片 of the King of the Devil], [the王 of the King of the Devil] was happy.

That's not all. The members of the "pattern" who were not in the Eitherine, recovered the defeated Eitherine Knights and ran to Leonardo. They cast it to Leonardo without hesitation.

"I'm sorry!"

Penetrate the seal of the [the armor of the king] throwed to yourself with the [the  of the king] born from the body.

【【【【Japanese】】】

Numerous [De s of the King] enters the body of Leonardo and mutates. Instead of lost objects and fingers, [Kiss of the Devil] was born, and [Kiss of the Devil] appeared on the opponent's arm.

“Hhahaha! Let’s play the moment of this monastery and love life and soul!”

Accelerated [Devil's Erosion] The level of the skill rises, and the ego collapses with horrible speed. Leonardo ran through his own memory, feelings, and senses, as well as leaving only the fighting technology and crazyness that he has ever seen.

“Let’s do it!”

The schne  greeted me from the front with the Leonardo, which is the same as the snail.

"【Axe of the Shredded Mountain Sea】!"

Heel drops that Schne  sprinkled like an axes, Leonardo says that the shells are used to block the mouth of the shell. However, it was a single arm of Leonardo and [Witch King's lid] that the moment the two collided.

っ

Even though the black blood is scattered, Leonardo ex des the sword tip of the [Kiss of the Devil] towards the eyes of the schne  in one foot state.

"[】]!"

However, the Schne、 using martial arts that enhances the reflection speed is目をritious, and the目をs are目をed. However, the blood splashed off by the ears.

Aiming for the gap of Leonardo, his arm stretched out, Schneダー aimed at his head and releases his hands.

っ

Leonardo will prevent the broken arms by changing them into the tongue of the King. It is a tongue with fine teeth on the surface, and the meat of the schne  arms and bones were cut off.

"[螺 thrust]! [Kinseisuji]!"

However, the Schne、 left his hands out. The skin of the arm is sharpened by the tooth tongue. However, the muscle underneath it resists the tooth tongue and did not sharpen it just by making fine scratches.

?」

Don’t stop the snorkeling, just leave the nose of Leonardo and blow it off. When Leonardo lost almost every quarter of the head and the left half of the brain, he repeatedly with [Kissing].

However, it was not possible to penetrate the thick chest plate of the Schne、, and folded in reverse.

And the life of Leonardo’s swordsman ended with it. The body is distorted by creating an unpleasant sound that resembles the heartbeat, and the shape begins to collapse as a person who had kept it。.

“How much muscle is too hard.” What is it?

"I learned from the people of Zod"

“I didn’t use it before?”

“If you’re a sword, don’t waste your muscles as much as possible.”

“Oh, I’m not a sword.”

It was really strange. Although the head is largely missing and the cross section of the brain is visible, only the conversation is normally crossed.

Is Leonardo’s dignity strong or he has not already used the brain?

"Yes, I left the rear parting. Oh, it was fun.

That said, Leonardo pierced his own heart and the remaining half of the brain with [Kiss of the Devil].

【A new host!】

At that moment, Leonardo started to run at once while the fusion of several missing pieces that he had paraded to him by dead.

“Now! I’ve passed away while playing with Leonardo Noro and Gaki!”

The Schneダー who quickly jumped and avoided to be paraded to the [Witch King's Flaws] is so poisonous.

"What is the person in charge? Do you kill it! ...... Livestock, I'm already dead!"

“Are you sure that the swords of the swords are not the swords of the swords?

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry I'm black before that."

Merdins and zods, which are used to defeat the spirits or to stay on the ground, and the doltons who have defeated the Notors, also resanas.

"[Healing Nausea]"

When the サーana gently blows the息ache, the sneezers can heal quickly.

。 But...Is it possible to seal it? Is it possible to combine five or more pieces just by counting it?

[The 片 of the King] will become powerful when the 片s gather if the number is accumulated. Due to its history, it is up to five seals that have been successfully sealed while the record remains. In addition, there are several countries that have been destroyed.

There is no experience that Schne s enclosed a lot of fragments.

How to make Zod, we call Vanderou while we are stopping!

“I don’t have it.”

"Oh, it's a long time."

However, some of the Schne s appeared before they moved, and they sw ed the Leonardo.

Next story will be posted on November 22nd.