Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 352: The Goddess Descends to the City of Chaos

It has become slower.

There was an error in the status of Kunohchen and Quattro that was posted last time.

The order of the six-way screaming magic that  ed the Gduranis dyna , also remembered the fear of the people of Orbaum who are not able to hear the meaning of the word.

It may be because of the in。ct fear of the people of "Ramda" who have been exposed to the threat of the magic for a long period of tens of thousands years since the Ma Wang Gudulanis appeared.

』

However, I remembered the intrinsic fear of the magic and non-human beings.

“How did you do it?”

“Where is the strong enemy? Is the Lord of the horrible shouts before?”

“No, I don’t have anything! I don’t care about it, I’m a Rhinehard...you”

A short scream was the “Ranging Dragon God” and “Powvina’s Pet” and “Rvezfor”. He now has several temples, adventurers, and Taymarルドlds, and he had a escort until he arrived at the shelter with the party members of Rhine Halt and Paula.

(There is no doubt that the fear of getting frozen from the brain marrow.) Gudulanis! And the revival is not just a missing piece... Is it a missing piece of soul?

Alda or Rodo Corte?

Over ten thousand years ago, it was a ヴェ, but it was a ヴェ, but it was a ruvenesfor descended from Gudulanis. It was the same as the wicked deity of the Majestic army, except for a few exceptions.

In fact, there was no one who really wanted the revival of Guduranis to survive the war.

There were a lot of people who collect, unenclosed, and donated to believers. There weren’t many believers working on the revival of Gudulanis.

However, there were few people who actually prayed for the revival of Gudulanis in the wicked deities of the Devilish League. In the middle, there was a god who was a ambition to be reigned in this world, as in Ravovifard and Zezore.

It was because it was believed that it is impossible to resurrect because it is possible to get only the fl。 of the body because it is "Horaijin" Alda, and Rodocolte, which encloses the fragment of the soul of Gudulanis.

The seal of the missing pieces of the soul managed by Alda is difficult, but the possibility of getting it is not zero. It is said that if it succeeds, it will travel the clever con y of a year.

However, there is no reason for the missing piece managed by Rodcorte. Indeed, the gods of Lodgorte are outside the lambda world. The wicked gods of the dyna  army who cannot be transferred to another world with their own power cannot be taken out.

Even if a mir  succeeded con  y, deprived of all the souls managed by Alda, and collect the missing parts of the body scattered around the world, the King Gudulanis cannot be completely revived. It is possible to attack the Gods of Lodcorte if the soul can be seen in a different world even in a half-sided state, but I do not know it.

However, there is no one who puts the Devil Gudulanis revival in the wicked gods of the Devil’s residue. I didn’t do that, the negligence of Gudulanis. and fear.

Gudulanis dominates the magician army by the overwhelming power and the fear of振ing it. That’s why we couldn’t believe that even if we struggled and revived, we’ll reward our work.

On the contrary, I could crush my soul. I feared the wicked gods that the existence that can completely destroy the gods revived.

So, for many Gods of the Devil’s residue, Gudulanis’ fl。 was only a power-up item given to the believer or a tool used to晴 the melancholy used.

(Now, what do you do?) However, the lack of soul is reviving!? Is it Rodo Corte that the reincarnation is involved?? Is it going to destroy this world as Vandaloo!?

But in addition to Vandalou, there are Gufadghan. It should also run "five-colored blades". If you can defeat Gudulanis before the full revival. More

The revival of Gduranis was not welcomed.

“Beyond that, screams are appealing to the in。ct of the magic.” How about the story of Taymarルドld?

Now, it is priority to fulfill commands from Paula and Vanderou. It should not be allowed to evacuate humans and their escorts to roar of Gudulanis. . . . . .

They are a major street in the central square where many people gather from the shelter dungeon, which is made to the facility owned by Tamer ld.

In addition to them, Taymarルドld’s taymer fights against magic and evacuates. Of course, there are a lot of obedience.

The screaming of Gduranis made a system for the soul of the magic to revitalize is to shake the essence of the magic that is not obedient.

“Wow!? Well, don’t you think Rvezfor? Do you call Paulina??”

“Well, because we have high intelligence, it’s flat! Let’s take care of Paula!”

However, it is not effective for Rvezfor, a  . I try to convince Rhine Halt because of its high intelligence.

“Please be careful if you are not obedience.

"No, I think that the situation in front of you is not enough?"

The lion’s head has four arms of ash brown skin. At first g , it is a magic, but it is not.

"Vigaro! How about you to focus on the fight against magic? "

"...If you think that you have suddenly frustrated with that unusual tone, you will be able to hear a great voice in a few seconds. It’s true that you’re doing something wrong.”

In the words of Vigallo, Rhine Halt swayed and said, “I, I, Paul!”

"Stop! My mouth is from the original! I'm normal!"

When I was a   who is helping children in the figure of Waiburn, is it normal as a 席 who sits at the end of the Aji? Although I had such a thought, I chase it in a corner of consciousness, and Rvezfor flew eyes to Vigalo and taima around.

There are many people who are swaying, but there is no way to respond to Gudulanis orders. You can't see the swaying figure of Kwatoro and Kunohchen floating in the sky.

"Is there any force to follow other than the magic that emerges from the gate? Is there any relationship with the led?

It is only a nightmare in this conf  situation that ally suddenly becomes an enemy.

“No more, there seems to be no influence on the new breed of Vida.”

He answers the vigaro of the appearance that there is no動king.

“What do you worry about?”

"What!? What can I do if I'm behind you??"

Rvezfor, which is said to Vigalo, took a distance to prevent Rhinehards from hitting their scream, and descent the tail to the ground. and how to solve misunderstandings.

“Now, it’s time to suddenly become a monster? So you just heard that it’s okay with your predecessors?”

In other words, Vigalo beats the monsters similar to the crabs that were pulled behind by the arms of the body that was born on the back. Even if you become 暴ent, you can defeat even if you are ranked 6 or so. Luvezfor is also ranked up even if it is sealed force, so it will not be able to go back to the magic opponent.

However, Rhinehards are different. He was also a  er who was trained by Vandalu's Sparta and is overwhelmingly stronger than a boy girl in the same age. However, it is up to rank 4 monsters that they can defeat almost certainly. Even if it is all, rank 5 monsters are the best.

"No, it's okay! The magic that we can't defeat is because Paulina defeated me. Mr. Rvezfor and Mr. Legion help me.

Rhine Halt is a boy who has been crushed by Paulina and Vanderou many times until today.

Thanks to you, I stayed in the heart of faith in the eyes of Paula. That’s why we’re able to act without confusingness, whether we’re talking about words, whether we’re suddenly obedience of Vandalu, and emergency that hits the city.

If he had previously talked to Guul, he would have been dis ed, but now there is no such thing.

(This person is the first time to meet, but it is not an ordinary gour.) It is the evidence that the powerful monsters were shot without振り.

In addition, when calling the name of Paulina, there is a friend to the voice. I'm sure there is no difference from the old friendship.

Quickly read. The encounter with Paula seems to give him a chance to learn virgin art.

"Do you come here?"

"Yes, we are coming! I'm here!"

“I heard it as a big city, but I can’t move more than I imagined. It is easy if we can move sub-space.

It seems difficult. Walkeley, I'm asking for the command of Yomotsuiksa.

When Vigalo asked, the wall of the building was crushed, and the sphere of the meat was about two meters in diameter. It was Legion.

It is followed by Yomotsuikusa that carries the injured person on the carrier made using肉ble and their own meat.

“Hey! Let’s leave it! Yomotsuikusa, I’m a 猛ent child born from our meat, etc. Now I’m suppressing the scavenge, and I’m going to take it to catch it! I’m not using it! I don’t distinguish between those who resist, and those who follow it, and keep them alive without hurt!

One of Legion’s personality, Walkeley has protected the general public of a separate compartment from Vigalo while conducting it. Forcibly compulsory people who suddenly appear chatting meat mass and people who are surprised or fed by the human-type life body of two-foot walking, which produces sharp 牙s and claws without skin in the whole body.

"I'm sorry, but I can't be able to tied up to the person I follow?"

"Izanami, Yomotsuikusa, because I have low intelligence even if I surgery, I have to command people to catch them without discriり."

“Hey! That’s the thing! That’s because if you’re the owner of Takeyu who can resist Yomotsuikusa, you’ll be able to escape with your own power!”

By the way, Legion is not affected by Gudulanis. It is natural because the birth of her is special, but it is not magic.

I see. But is it really small?

If you are pregnant, Legion is a meat sphere with a diameter of tens of meters even if you do not use the skill to make it huge. In addition, only three people are talking about Waキューule, Izanami, and Iシス. When I asked him, I answered the キューue clearly.

“Oh, Vigalo! Now we’re working on a different job!”

体

“Um! We Rescue Team!”

"Jacks are emergency rescue teams"

A new float appeared in the middle of the word of Walkeley.

"Jacques continued to carry heavy bruises in Dalcia's place"

"I feel that it seems to be drunk in a continuous transition ..."

“Ghost, we don’t have a trillion or brain, so we don’t care about it.”

"As I say, we have only meat."

The power of the jack that can be transferred to the person who is under the dead or who has the magic of the dead attribute was used to rescue those who are under the力ble, and those who are going to be killed in the magic, and sent to the place of Dalcia.

The eyes and ghosts of Minuma, together with Jack, are the power of the fight against evil objects.

"In addition, there is a subdivision of Burbayagers and Berserk's battle! "

What is Pluto?

"Jacques become a mark for shifting to Dalcia's place"

」

"...The mother of Paulina is amazing. Full of meat mass

In the appearance of blasphemy Legion, Rhine Halt's eyes are slightly lost. After Jack’s back, the screaming of the end of the monsters, and the roars and roars that the fighter’s Legion would have given up, so the mental damage that they receive is still getting down.

Well, the surroundings of Pauvina are more amazing.

“Where are you talking about? Is it better to complete human evacuation?”

"Evacuation is almost over! In addition to the above, it is due to human sea tわs such as Kunochen, Kuwatro, Ghenaby, and Daemons! "

Orbaum, a large city of about five million people. The sixth road enveloped the whole area. However, Vandaloos chose to deal with post-processing with utmost care. As a result, evacuation of people is usually done at unthinkable speeds, and human damage is minimized.

"There is no risk of life. But I don’t cut oil because it might come out.

"Now, the person in the table was moved by his own power to the person who is fighting the magic and the shelter. And those who escaped themselves from the city

“The rest is the people who gather around the temple! It was a problem because the feelings were subtlely distracted from the shelter of the Duchess of Jahan!”

The evacuation of the people of Orbaum was a paragraph. The appearance pace of the magic was also  due to the rampage of the demons rushed inside the gate.

However, it has not yet been completed because people who fall into panic were pushed down as the temples of Alda and Vida are gathering.

And the magical objects were戦 up by the people, so the temple area was a battlefield. For Magic

“Gシャia Aaria!”

"Kihihihi! Run away and escape humans together!"

A giant hundred feet of rice light emitted from the corners, and countless daemons that produce a threaded corner are fighting with magic while飛行 people.

"Try to escape and humans! We are weaker than look!"

"Oh, I'll cure my wounds, and I'll go to Lucia!"

“Well, I can’t beat my wall! The people of the Alda temple can cooperate with me a little!”

A daemon with a shield of the magical rush similar to Cy, the rucilia refuge restores the healing magic process. However, it seems that we are going to support Daemons to the priests of the Temple of Alda.

"Sound! Our power is a lot of people! Not to help dirty daemons and undeads!"

“Where is the proof that your evacuation shelter is safe? It’s not a good idea to collect people that you can’t believe!?”

The chief priest and priests of the temple of Alda are of course anti-vida. In addition, among the priests who work at the temple, there are candidates chosen as the gods of Alda force. Therefore, because there is a fairly high fighting force, even in this situation, it is possible to resist the magic by itself, so it was resistant to the call of Vandaloos.

“I’m not just a wicked undead, but a huge hue and poison moth in an innocent fl , it’s a gour, a witch, and a daemon... Will Zakart’s Honorary Counter make Orbaum a magical place? What’s it, Lord Vida!? Orlockルドldmaster!?”

The Lord of Vida, who was angry with the Lord of Alda, is not able to give meaningful words just by disappointing the wolf. The master of Taymarルドld and Orlock were busy.

"Pass! Pass! Pass! Yes, I'm in the vision of Zakart's magma and Vida's new tribes related to the Honorary Counter passed all! I'm recognized as a formal obedience!"

Passed rain. If you are looking for a daemon, what is it?

“Oh, Orlock!? Was it crazy?”

“Is it crazy? It’s a crisis of Orbaum’s death!? It’s time for me to die!?”

“Where is Taymarルドld’s pride? Where is the rule?”

"Super-Russionalism! I pass!"

“Let’s go with the sun!」!”

“I’m waiting for it, what’s the magical monster? When I came into the city!? It’s a serious criminal act to put the magic in the town with a non-regular means such as spatial attribute magic!”

"I'll come in from the gate.

“When I came, there were no people on the gate, so it’s a good idea.”

“In this emergency, we could not be able to continue our daily work. Forgive him, etc.

Each time the Muse of the Empusa, the sベルar Pribel, and the Gizania of Arakne speaks, the face of the Lord of the Alda is angry and red.

“Yours! I’m just a fake...!!”

Because it is an emergency where powerful things continue to appear in the city, it was obviously not judged to enter the city that is usually held at the gate of Orbaum.

So now, you are free to enter and exit. What would be the undead of Vida’s new breed, but there’s nothing to get in and out.

However, it is impossible to see the adventurers,ールs, undeads and daemons that I said from the gate.

“Let’s calm down! It’s not the case that we’re saying that now! If all of us here aren’t fighting, we’re not able to protect the city!”

However, there was a person who gave a voice that is not such a case.

“Let’s stop by the adventurer silently!”

“Yes, because you only have a feeling, can you fight with magic? Oh, the rest of the two will help you to lend power here.”

っ

Adventurous Asagiri was fighting to protect the people after he evacuated the officials of the Duchess of Billyet to the shelter.

However, it is only one adventurer to the temple of Alda in Orbaum. I don’t want to be involved because I know that it is a cautionary person even if I love Lucia.

“I understand my feelings, but I’m just an adventurer’s opinion, and I’m just doing it.”

Let’s do what you can do. “I’m looking for someone who hasn’t been evacuated yet, so I’m going to save daemon.”

That said, Tendo and Shoko send out the asagi that has been rejected and amazed and hardened in the direction that Daemons are fighting.

ゴ

A giant boar-shaped magic that creates a horn on the head while traversing the stone.

!」

Pauvina is a girl with a shield and a shield that is about three meters tall while traversing the stone pavement.

?」

The roaring sound and shock waves hit the surrounding buildings when the two rushed. However, the boar Strike was stopped.

"Hey! [Shield Tackle]!"

Pauvina Strikes against Ino-shaped monsters from a状態 state. It is pushed out to the shield, and the boar's magic is unbearable.

"[I'm killing! I'm dead!"

To the head of the boar, Paulina sprinkled with the club bar without compromising. I crushed the skull bones of the corners that were born in the head of the wild monster, and stinged the turtle. The ground has a crater with an extra wave of , and the surrounding buildings have started to break down.

"Sが is Paula! But if it is, it may collapse all the buildings of the city."

I think it is from the original. I think it’s better.

Legion's roots are waiting next to Dalcia, who is going to take care of the injured person and the ally of the visible range in [the witch of regeneration].

The building of the city of Orbaum was damaged in the fight against the monster. It is the range of errors such as stone paved by Paulina and damage to buildings damaged by shock waves.

More than that, the appearance pace of the monsters fell. The evacuation of people seems to be the last.

"I think you're"

Dalcia answered "Sone".

“Now, let’s evacuate people who don’t evacuate. Transformation!

Dalcia wishes for the descending of the goddess, with a disguise. Then, the di  shining from the body of Dalcia was released, and the lively monsters were distorted by fear, and the people stood out without voice.

"Dalcia's Honorary Earl...It's different. What is Vida?

“Who is Vida?”

"The goddess of life and love descended..."

Then, the “transition gate” followed by the evacuation center, created byーン De in front of people appears.

I love you. Even those who are devoted to us and who are not devoted to us, now we will leave our lives equally. I want you to protect yourself.

“Before you, don’t hurt any more.”

People who speak directly to the heart, like a compassion, are not able to reverse even the Lord of Alda and lead to the shelter.

Thus, there was no one who took the sixth way to Orbaum.

―――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Dalcia Zakart

・Type: Chaos elf sauce

・Age ・

・T】 name: 【Witch】 【Mother】 【Monster Parenting】 【Vidah's Body】 【Emperor】 【Chest Girl】 【Chest of Victory】

・Job: Empress Mama

・Level ・

・Job history: Magical girl 術術 magical idols Magical idols Magical idols Magical wrestlers Magical high preestates

・Passive skills

Darkness

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Physics Resistance: 10Lv

State failure resistance: 10Lv

Power:10Lv(UP!)

SuperSpeed:7Lv(UP!)

Life power :10Lv

Magic PowerLvLvLv(UP!)

Magic Power Auto Recovery Lv(UP!)

Magic Power Recovery Speed: 10Lv (UP!)

Self-polarization: Vanderlus: 1Lv (Self-super : A ning from Vanderlus!)

Self-super-reinforcement: Lead: 4Lv (Self-reinforcement: A ning from Leading!)

Ability Enhancement: Creator:10Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Level 7 (UP!)

Color Inc) Lv(UP!)

Bo  Attack Force Enhancement: Super Large (UP!)

Non-metal armor equipped with protection power enhancement: large

Lv4(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Transformation: 10Lv (UP!)

Agg ive Magic Attack Power Enhancement: Extremely Large (Agg ive Agg ive Agg ive Attack!)

・アクティブe skills

Cuisine:7Lv(UP!)

Housekeeping: 5Lv

Kayumigami: 5Lv (UP!)

Kadama Descent: 4Lv (UP!)

Senjutsu: 6Lv (UP!)

Unattribute Magic: 5Lv

Magic precision control: 4Lv(UP!)

Mathematics:7Lv(UP!)

A)ning from Water Attribute Magic!

風命魔術:1Lv(A ning from Wind Attribute Magic!)

Spirit Magic:10Lv(UP!)

Dismantling Lv

Spirit: 5Lv(UP!)

Limit:8Lv(UP!)

:7Lv(UP!)

10Lv(UP!)

Goddess descending: 4Lv(UP!)

Prostitute:7Lv(UP!)

Butoh:6Lv(UP!)

Vocal:5Lv(UP!)

5Lv(UP!)

Cane Surgery:8Lv(UP!)

Magic: 4Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

Vida

Gods of Life Attributes

Kaoserv's ancestors

Vanderou's protection

Steel frame

Playback Witch: 8Lv (UP!)

Chaos

・Name: Kunotchen

・T】 name:【Manbonden】 【Concert venue】 【Bone meat giant】

・Ranking:16

- Species: Bonedestopia Doragigers

・Level:26

・Passive skills

Darkness

Super Power: 1Lv

Bone precision operation:6Lv(UP!)

Physics Resistance: 10Lv

Ab ing ultra recovery (bone)LvLv(UP!)

Great Fortification: 1Lv

Ability Enhancement: Citadel形態Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: LvLv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead Lv(UP!)

Magic Resistance: 5Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Dragon form: 1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

brutal footLvLv

Breath [Dragon poison]: 1Lv (Brese [Tox] from A)ning!

High Speed Flight)Lv(UP!)

Injection:10Lv

Architecture:7Lv(UP!)

Music: 4Lv

Dance:5Lv

Lv(UP!)

Dismantling: 5Lv(UP!)

Size change)Lv(UP!)

Link:6Lv(UP!)

Fighters Lv(UP!)

Dragon Type:1Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Bone Operation Lv

Lv(UP!)

Vida's protection

Rougefif's Protection

Spirit: 1Lv

体 Thinking: 1Lv

・Name: Quattro

・T) name: 【Desperate ship】 【Magic Empire flagship】(NEW!)

・Ranch:12

Species: Death Emperor Flagship

Level: 88

・Passive skills

Special five senses

Physics Resistance: 10Lv

Mental Pol : 7Lv

Ability Enhancement: Vessel:10Lv

Ability Enhancement: Creator:10Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead: 8Lv (UP!)

Shock Resistance:8Lv(UP!)

Monster Lv(UP!)

Air Navigation: 7Lv (UP!)

Underwater Navigation: 5Lv (UP!)

High Speed: 5Lv(UP!)

Water attribute resistance: 6Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Aerial: 4Lv (UP!)

Space Expansion Lv(UP!)

Comfortable maintenance: 1Lv(NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Limit transverse: 5Lv (UP!)

High speed sailing:10Lv(UP!)

Injection:10Lv

Screaming Lv(UP!)

Horror: 10Lv

Tumor: 10Lv

Brutal Foot:1Lv

5Lv(UP!)

精密Lv(UP!)

4Lv(NEW!)

Unique skills

Vanderou's protection

Pelia's Guardian (NEW!)

●Magic commentary: Desペer Flagship by Luciano

Flagship of the Emperor of Death. In other words, it indicates that it is a seater of the master. Well, even if it is a flagship, Vidal Magic Empire is currently only about Quattro.

I am not sure whether I ranked up or from the rival mind to Sam, but I gained [comfortable maintenance] skills, and the convenience as a ship is rising.

It will be close to the day of active as a warship and luxury passenger ship and high-speed transport ship. Of course, it is a magic that is not confirmed in human society.

●Magic commentary: Bonedestopia Doragigers by Lucia

Over13 the rank 13, absorbing the bones of Marduk and crossing the phydig. [体ritual body] and [parallel thinking] skills are stimulating to the same [群ritual body] and [group thinking] skills as masters.

It becomes a facility that can be regarded as a citadel city when it expands with full force. If he is, he will be able to erect the migratory nation anywhere.

In addition, it became possible to dramatically increase combat skills by becoming a 。 form. It should be considered a kind of subdivision rather than magic. The rank is 16, and it is impossible to win Kunchen even if there are dozens of A-class adventurers.

The next episode will be closed. Good year.