Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 404: The Swallowed Shield and Two Gods and One Hero

If you think that the situation should be a little better, you can see the Gufadoghan body.

As a alda, I wanted to put the “piles of law” directly in Vanderou, but Gwhadghan always kept behind him. For that reason, Alda, who was s。ed in the space by Rapan, who punched the pile himself, was unable to harass Vandalou directly.

However, after all, it became a spout.

"Gaffadoghan, please residue the appropriate use magic king"

Thank you The Great Vanderlust

And when Gwhadghan stayed in the wizard that resembles the sp、, he again disappeared in the space. The same hand will not be used.

Home

Alda was caught at once. A pile is stinged in the residue of the gufadghan, and it is still sealed, but the snooping residue. There is no meaning to enclose, but it is not big. On the other hand, “God of Mirror Statue” Rapan fell from the power of the war.

However, in fact, if you try to succeed in en  Gphadeghan, it is not the same as that of Alda being chased.

He stands at the edge of the cliff at the time he descends himself on the ground. I just realized it now.

“Heinz, there is one hand that might be able to win Vanderou”

That’s why Alda really cut out the last one.

“Is it true?”

"But the danger is high. Even if you win Vanderou, if you are the , you may become a waste person.

Because it is too dangerous, it is a means that the bellwood before the battle against Gudulanis did not run.

。 What is the hand?

There are many things that I want to say to Alda that I used the gods embedded the deficiency of the soul of the sealed Gudulanis as a survivor, but now it is not said that Heinz urged ahead.

“I think I’m silent even if it’s a hand?”

Vanderou broke out the use witch king several times, turning the sporadic blood into greedy blood, and throwing it toward the wings.

The head changed the shape by the brain enlarged, the number of legs increased, and it was deviated from the humanoid. It is because it is 怒ent because it was hurting the re ation of Gphadeghan.

It is not possible to seal the gdulanis that were incompletely revived by Gwhadghan, assimi  to the evil god of the magical castle, in his own will. I can only remember the a , but I can only sense it.

However, it is unpleasant to show that it is damaged by the enemy. Learn a  regardless of whether you are conscious.

】

However, it is another problem if Vandalou is to get angry and lose calmness. In his soul, Alda’s “Pile of the Law” had no change.

In this battle where Alda forces are considered to be the Holy War, there was enough possibility that Alda himself could come down, so Vandaloo had heard about the Vidas before.

...... Does Vandalou have the effect of the “Pile of the Law” that can only be effective for God of the world? In this sound, it was Vandaloo, who wants to say, “I shouldn’t work for me as humans,” but when he stings him, “Piles of Law” demonstrates the effect, and if he loses because of that, it’s too deer.

That’s why he decided to give advice to Vidas.

』

“My back!”

As a result, Vanderou chose not to leave it to a  and pack the intertwining at once, while continuing a distance attack.

Alda’s “Pile of Law” is a God’s God’s God’s ability to resist and unremovable. It is a form of the power of Alda as the god of law.

However, it is not a weapon. It is not a arrow that shoots the enemy unless it is a sword that judges the sinner and symbolizes the work of judicial giving punishment. However, Alda is forced to use it as a weapon.

As evidence, the reach of "Pile of Law" is short. Because the shape of the pile can be changed to a certain degree, it is stretched like a spear and supplemented. However, there is no sharpness like the tip of the spear, and the impact of the weapon.

It is easy to chip and crush when the 弾 of "Death bullet" and "Devil's fragment" released by Vandaloo. Because magic and throwing are not God, the effect of "Pile of law" is not demonstrated.

"Wow! I don't give time and I'm not going to get close! If it is, it's good to get it!"

However, since the shape is piled, it is possible to throw it like a throw.

"I'm sorry, but I'm not able to attack."

However, it is not a fast and sharp コール call with what is possible. Then, if you don’t get it, you will have a meaning. The pile that Alda throws was shot in the air.

If there is a right to Alda as a war god, it would not be like this if there is a aspect as a martial art god. Even if it is piled, it is difficult to命e skillfully with excellent technique as a spear, a sword or throwing weapon, and to devote to Vanderou.

However, Alda is the “Horaijin” and the bravery who defeated the King Gudulanis is said to be the “Horaijin” Bellwood, so there is no right and side to fight. In other words, the battle itself is unfamiliar. Alda is a judge full of power and vitality, not a warrior or a soldier.

“Piles of Law” is not a threat to Vandalou, unless it is s。rated, and if it is s。rated, it is not unwilling and no more.

In the age of myths, Zulwarn and Likuthus have been punished several times. However, it is because the two pillars wanted to be punished by the law. Zulwarn, the Great God, and Rikula, had to say that it would not be escaped from the lambda world, and it would be natural to be punished if it was bad.

So Zulwarn and Rikula weren’t the first time to escape the world and the time.

“The Goddess of Life and Love” Vida and the Goddess of Sins” Giarodips, etc. had received a “Pile of Law” because Vida was already in a state that was not able to move by being damaged by Bellwood, and she was also a goddess who had no right or side as a warrior. Giarodips were sleeping in the sinner of Bellwood, so they couldn’t move.

Of course, this is because of Vandaloo. The power of Alda, the great god, is overwhelming for humans even if there is no technique.

You can't afford to say "threat" in weak evil gods and級 S-class adventurers.

Even if the mass of blood that Vandalou shot is cut off into honey, he will go back to [greed] and eat his blood with his soul. The derザs will be defeated before the final means of Alda will be transferred to the execution.

“Well, you try to attack me with a “Pile of the Law”? Isn’t it magical to you and not God? If you’re aware of it, it shouldn’t be meaningful to you.”

"Sound! If you think so, you can see it!"

"...I'll cut off"

It seems that "Pile of law" is effective to him. Otherwise, it does not respond to [H。d Sensing: Death].

And Arda seems to be convinced that the "piles of law" will work in Vanderou, according to some way or guess. However, it is not recognized as God.

Vandalou is a new king of the witch and must be defeated. Alda, who has not been recognized as God, aims for him in his own God, and Vandalou, who claims himself as a human, is not God, receives the “Pile of Law”.

You can say that it is a smooth attack.

"I don't know how to do it...! I can leave it!"

Behind the honeys, Alda pulled out the pile from something that was shy with his pocket.

......

"Vandaloo... I'm for you!"

The gods with a strong distortion and a strong magical Death size, and the gods who shake the spear made of ice appear.

“Is it a yupeon? I didn’t think it would appear before me.”

“God with Death Size is the God of Indemnity, the Great Vanderou!”

Alda was brought to Nilthak and Yupeon as a preliminary force at the time.

“Pile of Law” is no longer a penalty for God who commits。, and it seems to be a tool for completely fighting.

Niltak is the abdo。 presence of Alda among the abdo。 gods, and has much power than the young gods and the abdo。 gods. He is also the God who died.

“God of Ice” Yupeon is also known as the goddess of Water and Knowledge” Pelia has been seen as the representative of the gods of the water attribute of the Alda force after the tristan of the “God of the Sea” joined the Vida family. After all, I didn’t use it very much, but I gave a spear that dwelled the spirit of herself to theウッド Bellwood. And about two hundred years ago from the present, Mihael, a mir。 shield country, loves the spear, and he has anecdote as a warrior god.

The two pillars are far lower than Alda in the overall force, but in combat technology, Alda is higher.

っ

Then, I judged that this is the time when the ghost and the dellizer standing on the opponent of the witch. Nine Road, which was in the shield, came to his body.

It is the same as what you are doing, and the size of the body's load is the difference in the Nine Road of the Holy Spirit and the Second Great God, and even if the life is shortened, it will keep the state of descending for a while.

"Gaffadoghan ... as scheduled"

Vandaloo rushed out from the front when he left saying that to the wings that greatly enhance the power of the war.

『■■■■■―！！』

[Screaming] Vandaloo rushed towards the 叫s while roaring the screaming screaming to irritate the spirit of the listener with the skill. Nirtak and Yupeon stand when you make it.

"I don't do it! I need to reが it with my sickle!"

Niltak does not suspect that Vandalu is a sinner. If you are pregnant, Alda judged that he was ing the deeds of Vanderou. He is not God who takes good evil, but God who judges。. He is too much to leave the judgment criteria of  to Alda.

He does not realize that he is a driving force of Alda, which has been removed from the existence of "God of Innocence" too much to deny himself, except as "God of Innocence".

Let’s kill all judges and executors and win innocence. [手】 hand], [鞭ip tongue], [blood blade]

However, Vanderou does not point to it and does not have a reason to follow the law, so it pushes through with 。ence. Vandaloo is a dece size that Nirtark shakes, spinning his arms with a shear that resembles the crab at high speed, and cutting his spirit and soul with a tongue like 鑢,操作e [血管] and cut it with a blood that changed into a blade.

"Freeze!"

But the tongue and blood were frozen before reaching Niltak.

“Because of you, my side is only here! If you do not exist, Pelia did not give it to the Vida family! You made me crazy about Peria!”

Yupeon screamed in a phase that does not seem to be a distortion God because of a  and irritation was also a serious claim.

Pelia revealed that he was in the Vida family and encouraged his obedience to come to him away from Alda power. So, in addition to the “God of the Flow” pagtarta, which was part of the Alda Force, the god of water attributes集まって in Vida.

Yupeon himself did not respond. Even if you couldn’t choose to go to Pelia by doing so or in the momentum, it is due to your own responsibility.

No more, Peria chose Vida because of the choice of Peria, and it is not conf。 by Vanderou.

"The question with the front was done with the spirit. You are an enemy

And Vandaloo, who crushed the frozen tongue, did not talk to Upeon. Because it is an enemy, it is not unusual to throw a word to provoke the opponent while killing, but it is not going to communicate further.

Even if it is a yupeon or nil turk, if it is surrendered, the story is not another.

"So, I'm the front!"

It’s like a screamer, but it’s like a screamer.

“――It’s a good partner even if it’s not destroyed.”

Without sound, the soul is moved to the messenger king, which has changed from the mass of the crushed blood to the other...... a little ago.

The two pillars were left in front of the magnitude.

】

』

The king of the use of the two pillars of God, and his self-explosion disappeared.

』

』

But God is神ten. In the self-explosion of the King of the Small Mechanism, it was only possible to damage the light burn. Scatter the smoke, which is the name of the explosion, and immediately follow Vanderou.

“Are you missing? It’s here!”

』

』

However, in front of the two pillars of God from the smoke, there was a strong enemy that had not been here for the first time.

"What??? Did you have been scattered around the world by Alda's measures???"

Eleonola was unexpected to appear as an increase in Eleonolas for them to remove their 。s and bones to Upeon.

After starting to fight "five-colored blades", Vandaloo didn't call himself a fight against Ghost and Gaffadoghan.

So I thought there was a reason why I could not ask for an increase.

However, Vandalou did not call Eleonola from the beginning because he was very alert to the インs.

If you have an overwhelming power before fighting, you may be able to run away with the power of Nine Road, and you will be able to catch up inside the boundary.

The power of Bellwood may cause more damage than expected.

In addition, after focusing on the power of war in Belwood, it was also considered to be a self-explosionテロor that Alda and the gods who follow him descended and 臨ed to all parts of Orbaum.

However, I decided that there is almost no worry about it, so I left the war power for me and called it.

"I was scattered, but there is Alda here? If it is impossible to command God underneath, so I was judged to be wary!"

"The vampire atmosphere is! I'm sorry for my loyalty!"

Nilthak sprinkled the des size and the eleonola avoids it with a giliary. If you do not stay in Vanderou, you may have been disconnected several times.

There was a difference between the power of eleonola and nirtark, but it was a Nirtark who is mentally chased.

“Are you sure you don’t try to nail the Lord Gods and their dinosaur crises even more Gods, or to get away from all over the world?”

......

In a , the intensity of the attack of Nirtark is only increased, but the movement is large and the gap becomes larger. And more, the field of view is narrowed.

Eleonola smiled me because it is reflected in the eyes full of the a。 of Nilthak.

』

』

On the other hand, Yupeon was tampered with the intense attack of kunochen and bones.

"The merit of the kunochen of the si ! Jioooo! "

"Nう! I know! It is good to freeze!"

Oriharu Con Dragon Goム, the former battle of the Royal Castle of Tarosム. Ice Age, an ティfact where Yupeon’s spirit was霊ed. There is a past that the bone monkey, bone wolf, and bone bear were defeated, and the bone bird was f。.

For that reason, Yupeon is a neglect for them, but Yupeon did not understand the behavior of the spirit that dwelled in the ice Age, so I do not know the circumstances around it.

However, the overwhelming amount attack of kunochen that does not seem to have been damaged even if it is frozen and crushed. And he was inferior to the slasher of bone blades, who were 紛ed to it, listening to the situation, and 護ing his back wings and Alda.

】

It was Vandalu, which 攻撃s the attack on the honey that is concentrated to hit the reversal hand, but before that, the deraザ was standing.

"【Keishin Steel Wall】! [Shinejin Steel Body]! [True · Provocative Provocative Proposal]! I do not pass here! "

Although Dianabol still has a strong magical effect, it is a powerful force to get theインine road of the semi-large gods into its body, twisting the enemy of Vanderou with martial arts to make the target of the attack yourself, and enduring the vortex on it.

“T』’s a dwarf!

“We will be able to force majestic power because we will join the attack!”

“But you can’t have enough time for your Maje、!”

“Oh, you!? Is it okay, your Maje !”

As Olbia and Levia princess say, the usual Vandaloo is the time when the magical power of the game is lost. If he continues to consume much more magic than he recovers, he will deplete.

"No, there is a margin of magic. I think it’s really good.

However, at this time Vandalou's magical power was still growing. I 喰ed Gudulanis for a hundred million yen, but more magical.

Therefore, it is possible to separate the magical forces and attack them all at once.

“But I don’t need it anymore.”

!」

At the same time Vandalou ended up saying that the dellizer was short coughing, he supposes blood from all the holes in the face and rushed his knees. From the body, it will disappear rapidly.

She refused to descend the Holy Spirit, but she hadn’t been able to descend theインine Road of the Second Great God for a long time.

But she didn’t waste her time.

"[God of Life]! ]

Heinz left the bellwood to his body, and he left Alda further.

Dangerous hands that did not run before bellwood. It is the double descending of the Great God. It was a way to get a strong force not only Alda but also Vida.

It is now done with Berwood and Alda who became the god of the world, not Vida, but the burden on the body and spirit is amazing. Heinz became a 霊chist, and if he did not get a job effect that becomes a body and spirit that is suitable for descending the belongings of God, he would have become a waste person in a moment.

』

“This is the true form of a brave!”

Yupeon and Nilterk stop recalling movements on the wizards of the powerful gods from the whole body and the magical power of the light attribute.

Eleonola and kunochen, who are familiar with the daily life in Vanderou, was not able to rush the gap of two pillars because of their strong magic.

"Thank you, Deliza." It’s enough to go down.

And he will work with his colleagues who can not stand up.

"[Inter】ate Punch]"

?」

And I was blowing away by drinking it in the torrent of the magic that I shot from the hand of the existence that was the deraザ.

』

The shield that became the 盾  is surprised and the name is called, but it is not the ライライ.

。 I'm Vandaloo

The eyes of the woman dwarf painted on the blood had no light.

It was not possible to post within 20 days. Sorry.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. There are various things such as cleaning (sweat)

In addition, we will refrain from giving a clear post schedule because it is likely not to be protected.

I'm reluctant to promote it on top of that, but the fifth volume of the comic version of my work is scheduled to be released on December 23rd. Kenhiro Kojima has illustrated many of the highlights, such as Talea's past, which is more detailed than the web version, so I hope you will pick it up when you see it at a bookstore.