Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 330: Aristocrats with colorful ambitions

Vendarou believed that it will not flow from her to the God of Alda and Rodo Corte, because Zona got [Vandarou's protection]. For this reason, she gave up various things, as well as for the protection of Vandaloo. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

In the meantime, Vanderou explained to Zona as well as explained the circumstances to Pauvina.

"It's a thing to say"

Two people showed different reactions to the faces of the body and the faces of the 体のine and the faces of the same person.

。 That’s right now, I’m going to come to ALEX’s seniors.

Paulina declaring the fist crushed by the mass of steel. It seems that the person who was struck by a stone club rod rather than being squeezed by that fist can still survive.

"...Vandaloo, what is really here? Is it happening in a coolder?"

The zona is瞳king by瞳ing the Vanderlus with the light disappeared eyes. Vanderoo answered two people "No" while thinking that today is a day to touch her.

"Powvina, Alex's seniors are folded in today's events, so please pay attention to it. It is not only the heart but also the body is crushed."

Now, if you are squeezed to Pauvina, your mind may be crushed over your body and may become unrecursive. As Vandalou, he does not have any problems if he lives in the countryside and耕s the field and spends a peaceful life. The contract is meaningless, but it does not damage separately. They are others. As a result of looking at the status, it is only self-sufficient as it is 突gged to Paulina.

However, the rival of Alex is very good at polishing Elizabeth’s graduation goals. So I want to use it for a while because it is worth using it.

"Sona seniors, there is no such thing no purpose. Just try to change the common sense of obedience using Vida’s textiles and taimaルドlds. After that, finally, I will collect [Witch King's Flaws], destroy the crime organization, and do various things.

[Witch King's Flaws] I have not yet found one, and I have only crushed some criminal organizations.

。 However, when Alex’s seniors re-start, go to “m ”

“Yes, I feel like a good thing is a noisy purpose.”

"I think so, Vandaloo"

Paula was convinced, but Zona did not know the consent of Euma. However, if you think about it, Vandalou recalled.

One of his objectives is textile, but no matter how much orbaum is the capital of the kingdom, there are thousands of people who have not yet believed certain God. In other words, Futism is to make the believers of Vida who have already been the believers of Aldaism. In other words, it will be deprived of the believer from the organization that has the predetermined interest of Alda Temple.

If you think about other purposes, there will be no way to do it even if it is said to be noisy.

“Revise”. Although there is a noisy purpose, there is no intention to do the Kingdom of Orbaum itself. There is no need to cool down or invade.

“I said it well and honestly.” Vanderlus

"...I feel that even if it is said to be honest, it's something, but it's better."

“I think it’s a sense of tension, burning in the ambition, or not. But it’s true that you don’t want to invade the Kingdom of Orbaum.

Vanderou has already cured the empire that has a country beyond the Kingdom of Orbaum. In addition to the boundary mountains, it boasts a vast territory that is unprecedented in the history of the "Ramda" world. So there is no reason to invade orbaum.

There are plenty of resources and food, and there is no consular ambition. If you want a new land, you can create a dungeon, and the land that is not used on the ground is how much. ......It is difficult to make the magical precincts of the king of the continent to be a farmland or residential district, but as mentioned earlier, the demand for them is not high.

That’s why it’s enough if you’re guilty of Vida’s new breed, and you’re reco zable to the undead, and ultimately you’ll be able to publicly trade with Vidal Magic Empire. There are a lot of obstacles to it, and it may be a話iculous story from the side that is already gained.

“Oh, I agree if I say that. If you think, it is unnatural to enter an adventurous school in order to get a coup.

Zona, who has not actually seen the Vidal Magic Empire, was not a pin, but the claim that Vandaloo is not working for such a purpose was believed.

“Hey, Van.”  

。 Gufadghan, please help me."

“Well? Is there someone? If Dr. Dandrip said, “A Space Attribute Magician!”

In front of the Wolf Zona, there was a black hole in the sky, and one wiburn appeared from inside.

“Well, it’s a normal wiver... Deca!”

At first g , it was a normal wiburn. The color of the scale is normal, and there is no number of heads and wings when the back and corners are created. Just put an ornament on the head or back legs.

However, the size was more than double the usual wiburn. ......This is not a normal wiburn.

“Wow, it’s great, it’s like a normal wiburn except the size!”

“Oh, it’s true.” It’s like Waiburn that caught well in the country!

"The magic item that makes it look like a normal wiburn made with everyone has the performance as scheduled."

The giant Waiburn’s identity is, of course, the “Ranging Dragon God” Rvezfor.マー Pete and Pine, I thought that I could not acquire the skills of [Shrinking] to register him safely in Tamerルドld, and it is a bit of a variant than ordinary Waiburn.

"It's aをiliation ... What should I do if I have to do this wiburn costume?"

And this disguise was aみiliation for us.

"Speak"

“Wow!? Which is it??? Is it a new friend??”

Zona, the first time I met with Luvezfor, was surprised and asked Paulina, who was surprised to see the Zona for the first time.

」

What is it? I'm a little daughter of Dwarf, but I'm 暴ent.

"I'm a zona senior who is a new friend of Van and may be one of my lover."

"I'm my Rvezfor" Thank you for your continued support.

From the dignity and powerful posture that stretches the chest and spreads the wings, it流れるs the forehead to the ground with a flowing motion. The series of actions were artistic.

“What’s it?”

"Zona, I don't have a body that is so frightened.  

"Yes, this is so much?"

Zona, who is in Yuma, who is trying to remove his hips, gives a surprise voice, but in fact, it is much stronger than theヴェezfol in the sealed state. That’s why she’s not showing the power of Aisen, who has been frustrated against Rvezfor.

“I’m working hard to get used to it.” Even so, Vandaloo's secret is revealed again...and something else?

The black hole appeared again in the sky before Zona saw. However, it was a small影dow of Rvezfor who appeared from the hole.

"Yes, I'm a great vandaloo worshiper and I'm Gufadghan.  

Gphadoghan, which appears, is seen as a magmaji. A cherry-colored lip with a silver hair that melts silver as it is, a white skin without a black child, a pointed ear, a doll-like eye. Although the eyes of gold color are weak, I did not think that it is a drawback because I was familiar with the eyes that I recently did.

Therefore, she looked like a girl with elf without a perplexion.

'...'

But the size of the chest wins. So Zona did not remember the big defeat.

"This is the beginning." No matter how much elf, you can use the spatial attribute magic at that age...? Even if you are a spatial magician, you have been somewhere since you practice?

Yes. I’m always honored to be a great Vandaloo singer.”

"Yeah, I'm sorry, Vandaloo's......"

"If you're an internship, you've seen everything from the beginning to the end. "The Wolf of the Wolf and the Wolf of the Dandrip"

Zona did not hear anything other than the beginning of the word of Gphadoghan. The blood rises to the head at once, and the cheeks become hot.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

“I don’t have to be embarrassed, Mr. Zona! It was very interesting! I’m just looking at me, and I’m just pounding.”

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

』

"Zona seniors, fallen fui fura yes"

"This daughter! It's bold to take the Vanderlus lips physically ...!"

Suddenly appearing in the Levia princess, voices, and shakes his hand. Vandaloo is shocked by her words and cheeks. And it seems to be慄ing.

“...... Wait for a while until the zona calms down.”

“Yes, right?” By the way, Yuma-chan, what is his hair ornament?

A new kind of ドラゴン fan that was discovered in the magical continent. “I made it from the material that the zod master gave me.”

。 Can I take it to Van now?

“Where was we allowed?”

And Vandaloos wait for the zona to calm down, and both take Yuma to Orbaum. At this time, I remember Vandalou, and I didn’t have to ask for someone to be involved in the draft.

Rather, it was so rushed to put it quickly with a big wiburn.

There are many adventurers who frequent Orbaum, and villagers and merchants who are often reciprocating from nearby villages and towns. They are already used to Vandaloo, so they have been done a little bit scared. However, the merchant who encountered Vandaloos for the first time has pulled his back, and the mercenary has pushed his hand to the sword and spear.

It was visible that trouble occurred when I examined over time. It is necessary to push the taimaルドld as soon as possible.

The Tamer Guild that was forced on me was not something I could bear, but it was my job so I couldn't refuse.

However, it is impossible to bring Levesfol indoors, which is more than twice the size of a normal wyvern. Therefore, Orlok, the guild master, decided to go outside and judge.

"...It's a mutant type of wyvern, but it's just bigger. That's what you said, but maybe you don't understand the words, this guy?"

"Well, you'll listen to what I say, so I think you'll understand."

At the sharp words of Orlok, who had been touching and talking to Luvesfol and observing his condition, Pauvina was inwardly anxious and spoke the lines she had thought up beforehand. But he was not fooled.

"No, no, Pauvina-kun, what you're talking about is 'understands language', which is the same meaning as a well-trained dog. What I'm talking about is understanding the meaning of language. Now, Wyvern-kun?"

『…………』

He ignores Orlock and keeps silence. However, in his eyes, the flame of a 。 is burned, "It's human-like, I'm calling this my Waiburn." The eyes are more目 than the mouth.

"But I don't know what to do even if I'm going to do this?" As a taymer ルドld, it is good if the taymer controls the obedience. It is a variant, but the ability to understand the language will be higher than the ranks of the obedience declaration, but it is not a problem for the examination itself. ...... It is a single word to convince.

Reco ze as obedience. However, it seems to be aware that there is an inquiry between the Dragon Knights and the Bachhem.

Waiburn is a 族 species that is the most common among the   species. The demand is high, such as the バーン knight riding on Waiburn and the バーンgo moving on the バーンgo hanging on Waiburn.

The demand for taymers that take the wiburn is also high, and it is said from various places in search of its power and technology.

。 However, it is impossible to tame the usual Waiburn because it was Van who took the first time to take the Luvez.

“If you have something, I will help you talk to me rather than Paulina.”

It was also known as Vandaloo.

。 So, can you put the collar on your lady?

Orloc, while saying that, turn to Yuma and Zona. It was a good idea to have a good idea.

"It's different, it's a 添well! It's just a dwarf!"

Zona stopped trying to prepare two orlocks. She doesn’t matter to be a lover or a lover, but she wants to avoid being a necropolis of the crowd.

“I just dwarf... I can see it.”

“Yes, right? That’s right, because you’re looking beyond it!”

“What is the true identity?”

“Oh, you say that you’re just a dwarf, because you’re the true identity of you!”

“Is it?”

“You’re not just a dwarf, you’re a zona senior.”

"Yes, I have more confidence. If you look at your muscles, you can see why you’ve been doing your hard work so far!

“Thank you!”

This is a zona that makes a desperate voice if you can't make such a misunderstanding, such as a vampire from Dwarf. If you think normally, you can’t walk out of the day even though it’s a vampire. Recall that Eleonola and Belmond had a flat face even if it’s sunshine.

"I'm sorry! No, I'm a lady who is doing eight. I think I'm already watching it, but this bo-chan is so much liked and it was a little surprising. ......I don't have a様子king appearance like this."

We apologize for any inconvenience.

In Vandalou, the faceless faceless, Orlock answered, “Well, I love it.”

"Omae-san has been able to taste 蟲 and undead monsters. That's it.ルドld is only used for members of the association, and it is ルドld that protects the members of the association. However, it is not annoying thing recently."

In other words, Orlock will hand over a bunch of documents brought to the staff to Vanderou.

"I have been in contact with the obedience of the former. Magician ルドld wanted to show for research, lost hair, saliva, if possible, he wanted to provide blood, or was common sense. Some of the aristocrats asked him to “donate.”

“Don’t stop the deceased...Isn, Zadilis, and Eleonora”

That’s it. If the word goes through, it can be followed even if it is a tailor... I thought it would be possible to do it freely.”

If you say to Orlock, it is a silly shallow知恵. There is no reason why the words are passed through, i.e. the intelligent existence equivalent to human beings is followed by taymer as a suspicion.

“The direct request is horrible to the power of the Mother’s Mother’s Hall, which is the authority of the Duchess of Alcム and the 。. Through the adventurer ルドld, you will be in the ears of the principal of Meolilis. That’s why we’ve been asking Taymarルドld.

Of course, I'm chasing everything back."

“We are looking forward to your visit.”

When I looked at the documents received by Vandalou, the name of the house was   up. It is a noble whose skills are not remembered in Vandalu.

However, Vandaloo seemed to leave only the face of the nobles 並 up in this document even without name, and if it is missing, it will be suspicious.

This aristocratic can also be considered to be a member of Vandaloo. But Zona is the same aristocratic as the aristocratic whose name is in this document. The house is not so different.

If you aim for Simons, you will only be able to return the sashimi you left.

We can respond to inquiries for common sense research purposes depending on the content of the research. Can be used to spread the correct recognition of the new breed of Vida, such as vampire and gour.

"It's a review of the title, but it's good to pass."

That said, Orlock passed the collar to Vandalou, and Yuma was registered as a new obedience.

After this, the request of “Don’t Stop the魔erce” from the Makai nobles was even more overheated, but soon sedated when the letter from the name of the Countess Zakart delivered to each noble.

And the letter was delivered to the zona and machukut's homes and the Countess Ream Sand. Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. As a result, zona and magtoes came from the aristocrat of Orbaum to be seen as a member of Vandalu, but it was no longer possible to receive the pressure of "collecting information".

However, Vandaloo, who received a letter from a person later, seems to have collapsed on the ground.

Drazze Liem Sands, who squeezed the crouching and the letter, and throwed to the wall, squeaked down, saying, “The !”

"Honormous aristocratic style is a lively thing! It's a slight and undead use! What's going! The Duke of Alcrem is also the Duke! I don't know how to kill the evil gods, but I don't think it's used to be a good thing! Do you get lost in dark elf's color inc ?

When I heard Elizabeth and Maheria, who had a 飯endous dinner, he sipped a lot of tsuコミmi and sipped in trouble, and the leem sand broke on the chair and sipped a glass filled with wine. However, there is no irritation, but I feel that it was a bit more a、 with sake.

“Yes! All that’s because of theピーepy dumpire! It’s not that because of the guys, Elysabス is squeezing, and it’s powering mekimeki! It’s not enough to be one-on-one by my Knights! I can’t get my s pted graduation with the condition that continues to support you.!”

The fist was squeezed on a luxury office desk with a  ent a , and the leam sand Count finally squeezed quietly.

While looking at the edge of the vision, the threwd letters are used to clean up the 視s, the 息s of the  s are thrown away.

“D。ing... Elizabeth is not a bad story for the leem sand Counter. I don't write to the letter until I've written Elizabeth.

Vandaloo heard her stories and knows from Zona. However, Elizabeth did not speak to the zona people who live in the site of the Leem Sands house (the hut that is called), and the mother Amelia was hospitalized with mental illness.

In addition, zona and his dream weren’t going to con  Elizabeth. That’s why Vandalou didn’t know the letter.

"If you press the ameria, Elizabeth is the opposite. You may want to be contaminated, but you can ask the body.

Well, it’s really good! It’s just a good thing!

As an adventurer, Elizabeth is named, and the name of the eleven leem sand is also rising. And more than her mother is in her hands, she only drink her request.

No, is it surrounded by Ameria?

“I’m surrounded by my heart’s ill people and I’ll take care of my life. I think it will be a good conversation. In addition, she suppresses her mother even after her name. That’s because Amelia looks young at the age of “

Marriage of an unfamiliar person is also the world of Lamda. In order to see the troubles of the undies and their child who died in the war, the husband's brothers and friends are婚 with marriage or the name of the cone.

It may be said as a beautiful story, but if you look at the appearance of the leem sands laughing “gufu, gufufu” you will not think that anyone is a beautiful story in him.

"If you decide to do so, I would like to say to increase the drug you drink in Amelia. Is it better not to break if you are surrounded?

No, before that, should you say that Vandalou should not approach the院 and not contact Amelia?

This time, I was slowly moaning the glass filled again by the user.

I don't know that I'm slow.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. No overlapping.