Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 396: The end of greed

The battle between the Duchess of Hartner and the Duchess of Fazon was better than myths.

"Hhahahaha! Good, really good! I don't have to worry about putting humans on my back to get the main position of the Mao army!"

“The Demise of Desire” ZOBEROGEAR gives to Rvezfor the gra。 to release him.

“So you kill me!”

However, there is no swaying to the killing that is put in the repeated手に.

“Because you acknowledge it, you can see your face when you have a ambition that stretched your hand even if you throw your pride! I want to hear the scream of despair and regret! So death!”

Ex de the槍  like a spear, shake like a whip, and fall like a hammer. The shape of the tactile is different, and the tip is bladed, and there are countless sharp thorns on the entire surface, and the mouth of the suction cup and the 。 of the tusks on the sides.

』

“【Penetration Shooting】! It’s hard to say that it’s changing!”

Rvezfor, who puts Paulana on his back, developed a fight against the attack of the Zobubero Gear.

The tactile pads with sharpness and power that cannot be dealt with in Luvesfor are crushed and played. Other 。。s are played with the tail and 鉤 claw of the rives for. The gap in the zobuve bero gear causes the brain to attack the distance.

Even if Paulina was not ordered by words, the habit of reading and moving the weight and power change transmitted from the legs was about herself.

“I think you’re in the midst of the Mao army! There are too many people who can’t speak to the language! I didn’t think you’ll be killed in the moment you shake the neck vertically when you proposed to sleep!”

I remembered the dissatisfaction that I had forgotten in ancient times. It seems that the fact that I was sleeping was put on the shelf.

』

"I want you to do not have together!"

In the scream of Rvezfor, the zozozogante and the fidilg of the dark forest were not loosening the hands of the attack.

“There are many people who can’t understand what we say!”

The zozogante emits light from the eyeballs like the fruit of the branch, and shoots the seeds as if they were, and tied the zobubero gear with the spread of the sprout.

"I don't want to assemble with the magical forces!"

Fidilg ran a luminous bullet on four necks other than the neck in the position equivalent to the small finger. The zobubero gear is almost avoided, but his aim is to be the source of the power of Zobubero Gear.

Every time the luminous bullet embarks on the ground, many of the soldiers and knights of the Duchess of FAZON and the adventurers disappear. There were several 光ents who scrambled the explosion of the luminous bullets and attempted to attack the Fidilg, but the 。ents were defeated by Lapierage and Lilyana earlier than reaching him.

“I’m withdrawing! With al!”

However, the Fidi Lug defeated most of the shoguns who were crazy by Zobubero Gear and started to defeat each other, as a result, the Duchess of Fazon successfully survived a quarter.

However, while the ray is on the ray, the luminous bullets of the Fidirg can be pulled out of life.

As a result, humans who can be a source of energy of zobubero gear are far away, but he does not look forward to fighting. I’m not sure if I’ve got enough power, or if I’ve only met my desires, I’m not thinking about it.

“I don’t be conf  by the other party’s speech! I can hear it unless it’s important information! I think it’s such a sounding monster!”

Randolph scoops the zobuve velogear手を。s with the bone swords and spirit magecraft of Vandaloo, attacking the body like a blue white stem.

“Landruff has not been damaged by attacking the body as well as。。.” Weakness seems to be in others."

However, as Meolilis pointed out, there was no appearance that zobubero gear suffered even if the body fluid is damaged not only from the手。 but also from the body.

The appearance of the body fluid immediately stops, and it is not screaming or screaming.

“Hahahaha! The闘er is a magician, undead, human, and elf’s seeds. It’s like a brave army! It’s beautiful! The moment that the bond breaks is more beautiful!”

If you think that Zobubero Gear resonates with laughs mixed with porcelain, you can make a suspicious mucus from the手。, or shoot.

It is a poison that causes mental anomalies, which made about half of the Duchess of Fazon.

“Van!”

"Don't forget the curse and poison."

However, the curse of Dobopeseparo [disinfection], and the s。ptor of Vandalu, which removes seals by the勇 and the Alda, is connected to Paulvina.

Of course, so it is important for the reason why you can get攻撃, so zozogante and fidirg防loded rays and bullets to prevent most of the mucus.

Some of them hit Rvezfor, but they shouldn’t go through to him that is the subdivision of the poison that makes humans crazy.

』

The tactile tangled the side head, the scale and blood splashed, and the mind wasクラed.

“Rvez!”

『ＧＡＡＡＡＡＡＡ！！』

However, the body follows the will of the Lord rather than thinking at the beginning. Pauvina grew up a bond if she had a ヴェezfor until the stage.

Twist the neck and chew the tactile with a sharpening of the head of its own. Simultaneously, the King used to remove poisons that had been slightly effective.

“The arm as a taymer in normal sense is higher than Vanderou”

I heard that Meolilis evaluated the。s, and Rvezfor said.

“Oh, it’s been tens of thousands years ago, but it’s too aggressive. If you’re sure of your memory, you shouldn’t be a personality that you’re fighting in front of you.”

“Tの thousand years ago was that feeling.”

"In the first place, there was no interest in the battle itself. I didn't get weak.

The zobubero gears in the memory of Fidi Lug and Zozogante were also called the Rvezfor. Before the brave was summoned, Zobu Velo Gear was not on the front line and preferred to make humans and flora crazy.

There was almost no familiar thing, but Zobubero Gear is a major executive, so it has entered the information of the rough trend on the ears of the Mao army. It would be true because there is no reason for him to lessen the war until his own trend is false.

If you’re a zobuve bero gear, you’ll not stick to what you’re fighting in this place, and you’ll have to escape and hide it, and then go around the con 。s.

In addition, I didn’t notice that Rvezfor, but the direction of the zobuve bero gears crazy people. When I was crazy about the Duchess of Fazon, my colleagues and seniors were almost tra、. However, I planted a greed to destroy all the virtues and bodies when the zobubero gears crazy humans.

性uses and lovers are the opposite sex, young men and women, and urges and impulses that cannot be suppressed to animals. Heaviness, plundering love,族iliation to the dead, coexistence that desires the same family’s meat on a daily basis.

If you think so, it might be a pleasure that Zobubero Gear was embedded in the spirit of Gudulanis. It is said that it is a strange existence of wicked God that it feels close to people who are crazy.

"How did you do it? If you have a strong attack, will you win?? If you can do it, it is good to show it!"

However, as Zobubero Gear says, it’s not working very much in the fight against Rvezfor that he’s crazy and getting on by the 片facts of the soul of Gudulanis.

There are many tactile hand cuts and crushed zobuve velo gear, but the life force is still strong. Play the touch immediately and restore it. The attack of Randolph received on the fu age does not lead to fatal damage as pointed out by Meolilis.

Even if the humans who were being a source of power were wiped out by Fidi Lug, they were still not able to see them. It is different from Fidilg.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

No words. But...

“We don’t need to win, but we don’t have to win.”

However, there is no sadness in Rvezfor and Fidilg.

“What’s it? Did you remember the differences of power to me and crazy? If you’re right now, you can’t miss out on any of the pillars?”

“No, it’s not a stand to say that.”

』

A zobuve bero gear that reflectively repeats the手をり towards an unexpected voice. However, the tactile was burned into black flame of skull type.

』

"I'm from you"

It was Vandaloo, who had finished eating and removing the missing pieces of the soul of Gudulanis from the beast of two pillars.

Originally, Rvez Ford was not trying to defeat Zobubero Gear alone. Until Vandalou came, I earned time to keep the Zobubero gear in this place. ......Powvina and Lilyana were trying to defeat.

“Van, it’s time-up? Can you still work hard?”

“I don’t have to be able to beat it...”



They also regret Lapiesage.

"Time Up" Rvezfor and Fidi Lug are suing in the eyes

』

The two pillars are amazing that you can't get out of the mouth. In particular, Rvezfor aimed at the 実endous eyes, what would be done if they were savvy to further training. However, Paulina was pulled straight down, saying, “I don’t have it?”

Please come here for Mr. Randruff and Mr. Meolilis. I would like to go to the support army because it seems that the hand is not enough in the Milg shield country."

"Encore?"  

“Randolph should take a long vacation if you overcome this war.”

The two who are talking about this, Vandaloo was put into the world in the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm of the arm.

I have sent two people to the battlefield in the moment.

ビュing this conversation, Zobubero Gear has repeated手 against Vandaloo.

However, it is焼き by black flame and electric shock.

"Oh! Hate! What is this hate? What is this irritation? This conviction is what this a  is!?"

Even if it is not fatal damage every time you lose one手を , it is damaged that it is not possible to damage the trauma. In addition, the pain is felt more than the damage actually received.

Never stop attacking. Sobu Velogia remembered the negative feelings of so much. It was not the head of Rvezfor who was trying to kill it.

"I'm sorry!? It's not my hatred or a ! It's not my way! What's it!?"

The irritating attack is still confusing, but the zobuve velogear shows the appearance. Vandaloo, who felt something different from the Mausoleum’s executives, embedded a fragment of the soul of Gudulanis who had encountered before, talked.

“The魂 of the soul of Gudulanis is parasitic. I feel strong a、 and hate for me because of its impact.

Of course, the attack of the zobubero gear is攻撃 at the counter, and it is。ped. This question is not expected to respond to zobubero gear.

“What’s it?”

However, Vandaloo’s words arrived at Zobubero Gear.

“Is this a  and hatred, but I’m not gudulanis... I’m not gudulanis, but gudulanis lost? If so, how do I make a missing piece of the soul of Gudulanis? Is it only sealed??”

Then, I called Gラanis and asked how to make a piece of soul.

"Res  quickly! I can't stand for a long time!"

In addition, stop the attack against Vandalu while 震  the whole body smallly.

There is God who has been enshrined, but God who has completely stopped the attack is not the God of the Vida family.

I can remove it. Please feel free to contact us.

So I tried to help. There is no problem even if it is backed up. In order to take the distance, the instructions were already made through the horse-shaped use witch king that Yuriana crosses.

“Well, ask me, help me! I will do anything if you help me! Gudulanis was the owner of the overwhelming power, but I’m obsessed with it, but I’m obsessed by the defeated and the souls are 蝕ed by the defeated defeaters.

If I defeated the brave army, I thought that the zobubero gear was the same as Gudulanis, so I could not say that it was a big reason. However, Fidi Lug and Zozogante, one of the pillars of the wicked God, said that it is not worth pledgeing loyalty to their existence.

Vandaloo stretched the 体をche and reflected the souls of the Zobero Gear.

Thank you. Well, I didn’t think that it would help me that was the main part of the Mao army. Thank you very much for your support. That’s why I’m dead!

The zobubero gears were able to suppress the impulse until it was a lying movement, moving the手を。 at once, and  。 Vanderou. And when I opened a round mouth that was in the part where the手生 was born, I drank it.

"Oh ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha

It is true that Gudulanis had defeated, and he had to endure that his soul fragments were embedded and managed. I asked for help from my heart and thanked Vanderou accordingly.

That’s why we’re back. Returns the benefits, and destroys them as a tea bitter. That’s how the Zobu Velo Gear has the name of “descrease”.

For this reason, whether you are angry or hated or attacked, you can endure whatever you are suffering.

“Hhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!”

After this, you will not remember any regret even if you ride on Gudulanis. The zobubero gear, which was so much pleasure, roared high. Now, if the Rvezfors have been regretted, it’s even better for Zobubero Gear.

That’s why I said. It’s not meaningful, just betrayed.

"Yes, I knew that it would be 90 minutes and 90 minutes. However, there was a meaning. Home



However, Rvezfor was talking to Vandalou, who had changed the horse-shaped use magical king, which was overlapped by Lilyana.

“What does that mean? Can you get a new horse?”

In order to change to Vanderou, Vanderou refers to the Zobubero Gear, when Yurina is overlapping on his small back.

"No, I'm there, I'm there? No, I'm... I'm surprised!?"

At the tip of the finger, zobubero gear was unnaturally 震。 and suffered. Then, when I thought that I opened the mouth that I sw、ed Vandalou, I vomited the fog with dark blood color from there.

。

“I’m a messenger in the body and attack from the body.”

Although Zobubelogia didn't know it, Vandalieu was able to switch between his main body and his clone. Therefore, there is no point in restricting only the body and swallowing it whole. Perhaps Zobubelogia's body was magically isolated from the outside world, but there was no way such a countermeasure would be effective against Vandalieu, who could shatter even the divine might of a great god.

“Gyaha! Higaga! "Giss..."

Zobubelogia tried to extend its tentacles towards Vandalieu, while its flesh and soul were being eaten away by countless microorganisms from inside its body.

Are you trying to at least take revenge in your final moments, or are you trying to beg for your life again?

"And that's it."

However, Vandalieu was not interested in either of them. The moment he said that, Zobubelogia's body expanded furiously from the inside.

“Po-”

And then, Zobubelogia exploded from within with a roar loud enough to cancel out his last words.

《[Demon King's sadism] and [Divinity: Deity of greed] have been acquired! 》

《[Demon King's Sadistic Heart] has been integrated into [True Demon King], and [Divinity: Lust God] has been integrated into [Demi-God]! 》

Leonardo from ``Zankage'' is a man who lived only by swords. He spends all his money on improving his sword and skills, food is just a source of energy, and women are nothing more than a tool to satisfy his sexual desires. Refusing medals and decorations, he continued to search for targets worth cutting.

And before he knew it, he had become one of the Amid Empire's trump cards, the ``Fifteen Evil-Breaking Swords''.

However, Leonardo remains the same. Even if the empire becomes a holy nation, it has no loyalty or faith, and seeks targets that are worth cutting.

"The last one is you. Thank you for being considered a swordsman of my caliber!"

"Who's going to be grateful? Even if you're a hito-slayer, it'll just be a nuisance!"

Schneider uses his bare hands to handle Leonardo's sword, which has red-black veins protruding from his face that look like a pattern. It concentrates magical power on a part of its body, increasing its hardness.

With this, Schneider has been able to compete with masters who wield weapons made from orichalcum.

"Tsk! You switched to a creepy sword!"

However, there were many cuts carved into his arm. The bleeding has almost stopped though.

"It's rude to say it's creepy. Even though it's just a swing of the [Demon King's Equipment] that's all the rage in the holy country."

Immediately after Leonardo started fighting Schneider, the first sword he used was broken, and he was now using a second sword.

It was a black, double-edged straight sword with a sharp tip, and was a [Demon King's Equipment] made using the seal of [Demon King's Fragment].

“It seems to be called [Demon King’s Proboscis]. His Majesty the Pope, who gave it to me, said that a marlin is the long, pointed jaw of a fish or something! It doesn’t matter!

"You're the one who says that, even though you don't appear to be using magic, your wounds heal quickly. It's creepy."

“Oh, I just quit my race!”

Schneider's wounds from Leonardo's [Demon King's Equipment] slash were already closing. He had already become an underworld race.

"It's still a race, so it's not exactly the same! Besides, I don't want to be lumped in with your sword and body!"

“I see, it would be great if the cutting power increased! However, I will make it so that you don’t have to worry about your health forever! [Heart of the Demon King], make me swell even more!”

When Leonardo shouted that, his [Demon King's Heart] began to beat with such force that it could be felt in the surrounding air.

――――――――――――――――――

Name: Leonardo

Race: race

Age: 42

Two names: [Zankage], [Fifteen Evil Slayers], [Enemy of the Goddess]

Job: Dark Night Swordsman

Level: 80

Job History: Apprentice Warrior, Warrior, Swordsman, Magic Swordsman, Thief, Assassin, Dark Warrior, Slaughter Swordsman, Magic Sword User, Fighter Mage, Fighting Swordsman, Execution Swordsman, Sword Demon, Great Swordsman

・Passive skills

All ability value increase: Small

Attack power increase when equipped with sword: Maximum

Increased agility when equipped with non-metallic armor: Medium

Ability value enhancement: Command: 5Lv

Self-enhancement: Killing: 10Lv

Murder recovery: 10Lv

Presence detection: 7Lv

Mental pollution: 4Lv

Intuition: 2Lv

Demon King Erosion Level: 1Lv

・Active skills

Miserable swordsmanship: 10Lv

Dagger killing technique: 10Lv

Armor technique: 10Lv

Transcend limit: 10Lv

Stealth: 10Lv

Unlock: 3Lv

Trap: 4Lv

Magic fighting technique: 8Lv

Dark fighting technique: 10Lv

Magic sword limit transcendence: 10Lv

Cooperation: 3Lv

Command: 1Lv

The next story will be posted on November 12th.