Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Book volume 13 release commemorative bonus Demon King compatible manual

This happened one early morning before Vandalieu took on the "Trial of Zakkart"...

When he suddenly came to, he was standing in a field at night.

(Hmm? Where is this? I'm sure...oh, is this a dream?)

Grass grows on a vaguely spreading plain on a dark night with no stars or even moon. And above all, his five senses are strangely unreliable, and his thinking is duller than when he's tipsy. Then Godwin, the king of the demon kingdom, realized that he was now dreaming.

(What a strange dream)

That's what Godwin thought, but before he knew it, he started walking away. Besides, I didn't really think about it, thinking that that's what dreams are supposed to be like.

As I walk, I end up in a different place or come across something. Dreams are when such unrelated changes occur. As I was thinking about this, it happened.

“Isn’t he the emperor?”

The face of Vandalieu, the dhampir emperor I had recently met, appeared in front of me.

『……』

Vandalieu remained silent. Being able to do that in the dark with a doll-like expressionless expression and candle-white skin may be enough to frighten some people. It's even more important because he has a good facial features.

“Hey, Emperor. What a coincidence, to even meet in a dream like this! ”

Godwin called out to Vandalieu in a friendly manner and reached out his hand to pat one of Vandalieu's heads. However, his hand was empty. It didn't reach Vandalieu's head.

I suddenly felt a strange feeling and a bad premonition crossed my vague consciousness.

“Hmm? ...Wait a moment, Emperor.''

The demon race is a race that can see at night, so this is a dream. Therefore, it is no wonder that Vandalieu's face can be clearly seen even in the dark. But――

``What happened from the neck down? ”

Why can I only see Vandalieu's head? He was silent on that question, but he did answer it.

『……』

The face of Vandalou was in ed. Then, it turns to Godwin while turning to Godwin.

Vandaloo, who came out of Godwin's dream, had no lower from the neck. It was my head.

"Oh, I'm waiting for you."

And the head was huge. The five senses were dull and the darkness did not掴 the sense of distance.

“Well, wait... Oh!?”

It’s much more than Godwin, which is about three meters tall. This giant neck is transformed. He was forced to run away.

“What did you do?”

Godwin is a full-fledged black grassland. A giant neck of Vanderou that follows it.

The wings of the back don't風 the wind even if you fly the sky and escape. If you don’t know the body of the body that you are proud of to train, what is your dream?

"I wait, thank you! Maybe it was bad!"

However, the most un理onable thing was that Godwin was the reason why he could see such a nightmare.

“What is something that feels negative to the emperor? I don’t remember it!

It’s a dream! A ning!

How can I escape from my own dream? I have to 。 up. It was a godwin that made a conclusion, but I didn’t know anything that could be a。n.

』

While doing so, he was caught up with the vandaloo’s head and was shocked to the whole body.



And while the cheeks of the spinning vandaloo's head, Godwin has become a wing to目 the ground many times.

In the magician country, there are many people ... people, dwarf, elf, and vida who do not have a rank live.

Time

People who are working on secretaries, obsessions, civilians, etc. that serve directly to the magician. That’s because you have to work with the Lord.

If you are pregnant, the magician is because there are many people who are active and coherent. They can 術 the arms of martial arts and magecraft and immerse themselves in different ho。s for each individual.

Artists’ creative activities, music and singing. Plant development and app  , board play and . There are a variety of ho s that are attracted by the magician.

It is difficult to make a national operation to such a magician. So, in the magician country, people who are from other tribes are supervised by many of them. However, the ruler of this country requires more than a magician.

」

The work of the secretary room of the magician country is a department to make such a business to the current Godwin.

“Is it okay? My Maje  had a drink yesterday, so it might not happen.”

“Rinalia, can we help you?”

“No, I’m in charge of Godwin today.”

Reinalia is a five-year-old secretary and not an ex ation to say Godwin expert. It is thanks to the record written by the great predecessors that she belonged to the secretary room and reached the area in the year.

(If Godwin is slower, it will stop.) Especially in the morning after the deep sake was made. If you do not hit the attack magic several times)

You can think of the contents described in the thick vs Godwin manual in the book of the secretary room.

Of course, I’m not going to hurt. If the general public hits, it might be a big injury, but for the magician, it is a attack magic that has only the power of decoping.

......Of course, if you do the same thing to the Lord in the human society such as the Amid empire, you will be 罪 ed. However, this is a magician country. No one confesses Raynalia.

After Godwin became the King of the Witch, it was a long time in the viewpoint of Reinalia, a human species. You can breathe and there is a sign of change in speech. However, it is not enough to change the manual.

"Today as manual."

His Maje  is the secretary leinalia. Contact Us

Reinalia held a short cane lowered to the waist and opened the door of Godwin. Don't wait for your child.

?」

And it was the appearance of Godwin, which was suddenly folded on the side of the bed.

“Ogo, ぐ, stop!”

She 震s her legs and tails while releasing her sleep. The Lord, Raynalia, after a while.

"This is..."

I was conf  for a while, but I decided to hit Godwin as scheduled.

"I'm sorry!? Oh! I'm a目! I'm glad I'm going to do it well! I'm going to ask you next time!"

Godwin, who 。 up by it, commands to continue with attack magic in Reynalia and comes out of the bedroom with an upset.

She had a serious mel .

"I need to revise the manual. は

Not seen in previous Godwin. In order to respond quickly, it is necessary to collect and consider those who belong to the secretary room.

As a result, a new page will be en d in the manual.

It’s just a day, but history is always moving.