Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Three hundred and eighteenth of the Great Devil, just a little bit of the

Before Vandalou and Paula came back, a carriage with a cursed residence was en。d in front of Silky Zaccart Mansion.

The people who came down from the lords and carriages were conf  by the disappointment of some of the people who visited here from the gate and the back of the lord. However, she pushed her back to the event prompt from the passenger, pushed her on the wheelchair and left her.

I heard the story of Vandaloo and Pauvina who came back from the adventurer school.

“It’s amazing that you’ve made friends anymore! It’s a celebration today!”

"I was worried about my school life, but I'm happy, I'm happy, and my face seems to be broken!"

Let’s get in touch with your country. If so, my friend is a child of a woman? In that case, I said that Kanako and Zadilis are coming soon.

However, I was surprised by the fact that I was able to make friends to Vanderou.

“Oh, you know what you want to do, but you don’t have to worry about it?”

Nataña, a mountain cat breed that has been given the prosthetic limbs to Vandalu and returned as an adventurer, asks Dalcia, Bermond, which makes the tail happy, and Sam whose contour is too joyful.

"Natana, there is no such thing. When we were living in our hometown, the joy of being a true friend of Miriam has never faded even today.

"Eh, our life has changed greatly in the border of that day."

A small society closed from school. Therefore, the person who is playing from the light spot is heard that it is a horrible place that is only contended to be lonely. It is a great pleasure to get a friend in such a place."

However, the swordsman Artサー of the strong giant, and the beauty of the sister, but the eyes are scared, and the dwarf, but the slim and thin bolzofoi of the hair is the importance of having friends.

“Welcome! Our encounter is not such a dramatic thing! Just as I was a new American adventurer, I was lost on the road, and I was protected by Artサー’s where I was killed by the Auger. Maybe it was quite dramatic when I thought about it? That’s all, when I was “a lifelong true friend” and my relationship is more amazing!?”

"It's right?" I lost my limbs, but I was happy when I had a real friend like Yuriana, master and everyone. It is the same as that of happiness."

Miriam himself is convinced, but Nathana remembers the importance of being able to believe and its joy, and shakes the tail while tearing.

“What should I use the room? If you do not have three reliefs, the wall will come to the wall if you can’t overlap the tiles of the floor...Is it better than that?”

"I think garden party is good in the garden?"

A silky that stands out to welcome guests with the meaning of dinosaurs for about 100 years. Aisen, who proposes a party in the garden and loses her. At the bottom of the foot, a smallインe and pine are flying and jumping.

“How about dinner today?”

"We can help you!"

Thank you very much. Let’s make a treat together today.

And Vandalou did not remember the resistance and question to be celebrated with his friends this year.

It may have been nodded even if it was said to Nuaza, the chief priest of Vida, the Vidal Magic Empire. It was a good event for him that he had a friend at school.

However, there was no problem at school.

“In fact, my friend was a sister at the end of the Duchess of Saulon, Elizabeth Saulon.”

“Oh, it’s right.” The world is narrow

It is a real princess. This is more and more canako must be contacted ..."

Dalcia and Belmonds of the calm appearance, even if you know the new information that should be shocking. Artサーs are surprised by the name of the Duchess of Saulon.

"And just by looking at the ALEX pauvina, there are no boys who do nothing."

"I'm true!? Pauvina, I'm not scared? I'm serious?"

"Yes, I was scared, but I felt a little bad."

Dalcia worrying about pauvina with a serious face. It seems that Paulvina was a little bit more important to a majestic student than a friend of Vandalu pulled the blood of the Dukes of Saulon.

“I’m okay? I’m always saying to my mother if it’s hard, and I’m going to protest to the school! I’ve heard about Vandaloo, “I’m a monster pair.”

“Mother, don’t you remember my story?”

“I’m okay! Tomorrow, I’m going to hear the story directly! I’m also taking a Van.”

I see. If you leave the master, you don’t know what to do with Alex. My sister of Paulina

“Simon, I don’t訳use this time, but I don’t do anything to Alex’s students. It is now

“Well, it’s something that you say so far?”

Home But let’s stay in the living room instead of the entrance hall.

“Yes, Bardilia finally came. Can you adjust the righteousness?

"Yes. I just want to hear her.”

Go to the living room of the house while talking lively. There was one of the "Arkulem Five Knights" and one of the "Knights of Thousand Blades" Bardilia.

She came to focus on the treatment of Vandalu, a superior prosthetician to lose both arms in the former SCULA Autonomous deprivation strategy of the Duchess of Saulon.

What should I do?

However, she had both arms.

“I’m talking about it.”

However, no one will be surprised by the things including Vandalou. Because it was a tea ceremony that Bardilia lost his arms.

The two arms were cut correctly. However, after the treatment, he immediately 腕 his arms with a special bradposion. However, I continued to lose both arms in the face of the face, and I traveled to Orbaum by horsepower.

By the way, the most disciples of Vanderou, and the 偽ian singer made her arms, and the fakes are perfect.

Thanks to the deprivation of the deprivation of the Saulon family, the Lord of the Baldilia, the Duke of Alcrem can make a big deal, and even if the same strategy is proposed in the future, it will not be able to give out the fight.

"I heard the story, is Elizabeth Saulon? If you are a noble of the Duchess of Alcrem may be disliked by her,

“The successor of the Duchess of Saulon, did you bite the Duchess of Arcrem?”

“No, I was biting... I didn’t have enough time to choose from at that time, but Darcia sisters.”

It has been a decade and a few years ago. The Duchess of Saulon was occupied by the empire without the attack of the Amid Empire. However, the elizabeth’s father, the former Duchess of Saulon and the eldest son of the dukes who were the successor, have lost their lives.

In that situation, Taccard Alcrem, who had already been about the Duke of Alcrem, was very 。ry. Because the Duchess of Saulon was occupied by the Amid Empire, he became one of the 領s of the enemy.

Of course, there are military bases along the border. But before he became the Duke of Alcム, he focused on the economy, and the military force was second.

Tacquard also said, “Always have a good deal,” but there was no confidence that Amid Imperial opponents could be able to survive for a long time.

It was also known by other duches and central nobles, so he helped the Duchess of Alcム and the Duchess of Hartner and dispatched the army to allow further invasion of the Amid Empire. However, it is not possible to worry unless the Duchess of Saulon returns from the hand of the Empire.

That’s why we wanted to have a flag of the Duchess deprivation of Saulon, and a person who becomes the chief reconstruction of the reconstruction after deprivation.

So the current Duke, Luder Saulon did not stop winning the successor's struggle. He has already been an adult at that time, and he has a good blood pressure, and he has no objection to becoming a duches with politics and military knowledge.

Elizabeth, the younger brother of Ludel who hadn’t yet grown at that time, and the younger acquaintance is low. And I thought that it was a sense of stability from the leader of the resistance organization that claims to be the concealed of the Duchess of Saulon.

“I don’t say that I’ve been proactively obstructed by the Duchess of del Saulon and other successors. Just leave it to you."

After explaining the above, Bardilia said that.

“What was a serious problem?”

"So, my sister." Since the aristocrat had already become a back shield for each successor candidate, we decided that it takes time to intervene and make it difficult to get more of the situation and the successor decided."

“I see... I’m still used to be called by my sister. Bardilia is older

"Do not worry, my sister! I'm respectful of Darcia's sister!"

Baldiria looking at Dalcia by shining g。 and eyes. She knew she would cut her arms at once because she could live under one roof with Dalcia.

"Do you know anything about Elizabeth itself?"

In other words, Vandalou had fine adjustments to her arm size, “the righteousness” that Bardilia gave.

It is the same as the righteous of Simon and Natana. Bardilia is a serene step-by-step serene hand and gloves.

I lost my arms, but I didn’t have any trouble with my life because of the good giver. I’m trying to rehabilitate and return to the field with Dalcia and Vanderou. ......Please explain to the outside.

Arkurem’s cal。ating that he was able to interact with the Vanderouts by depositing the Baldiria, and at the same time to see if there is any族 from other nobles. ......It is best to say that the request from her who is intoxicated to Dalcia.

"Yes, I don't know anything. Ludel, but Elizabeth Saulon was centrally protected with mothers, so there is no opportunity to meet them.

“I believe that the importance is not high enough to dive into intelligence and workforces nearby.”

“It’s right.” If you’re from the same Duchess of Saulon, you’ll know more about it.

The presence of Elizabeth seems to be not so important for the Duchess of Alcム.

Elizabeth is not known to the people of the Duchess of Saulon. When the Duchess of Saulon was occupied in the Amid Empire, she was still the age closer to the red child. I didn’t have a close friend.

It is three days before the attack of the Amid empire begins. There are few people who do not know her existence among the parliament of the Dukes of Saulon.

George Baihalt, who was the main character of the former Duchess of Saulon, and his daughter, Iris, who is now changing to Saバスus, is about whether he remembers the name of Elizabeth.

The father of the mother of Elizabeth, that is, the grandfather seems to have been a knight, so it may be remembered if it is the same knight George, but it is unclear whether the meaningful information is obtained to remember.

However, as far as I heard from the mouth of Baldiria, it is difficult to think that the arcムus is eminent from her.

However, this is a guess that I thought of listening to the circumstances of Arkurem. Elizabeth may have another opinion, and may have bought a grievance in any way. There is a possibility that the aristocrat behind her is blowing out of goodness.

“I’m going to ask you how she’s going to go to the Arkurem Duke.” I think it’s okay.

“I want to do that, but I liked her.”

“Yes, I asked my colleagues to have lunch in one corner of the classroom, but I told them that they were good. Zona is also a good person who can be distracted by me who is new and shakes the topic every time.

Vandalou had a good feeling in the word “means to choose” when Elizabeth refuses the means that violates the school rules proposed by the men in which he took. She said that she was a friend, so she became a friend.

...... Actually, it is a mistake in Vandalou. She talked to Vandalu for herself to solve her surprises and puzzles and satisfy her curiosity. So it is difficult to say that it is due to attention.

“The master says that, but how do you see the sisters of Gwhadghan?”

When Simon asks that the eyes of Vandaloo are a scavenge, Gwhadghan gave a face from the spatial rip.

"It looks like a proud man, as the word of the great Vanderlus. I remembered 感。 that she was a girl called Maheria. I don’t know the girl of Zona.

Three boys think from the wording, and the込み is thin.

However, it is not a big figure of Gufadghan. She is a totally different wicked God. And for her, the world is Vanderou. Black is defined as black.

...... So she said that the男子 is thin, the men's unfortunateness of the男子 is great in a bad sense.

"Elizabeth's daughter seems to be excellent, but there seems to be no close friend in the school except Vandalu. At first g , it seems to be a school  brity, but it is actually a long roll.

The girl of the man who took care of her daughter of the samurai who served her mother's family. Dwarf's girl Zona seems to be joined by a friend after entering the school.

And the rest of the three are the brothers of the noble family who is behind Elizabeth's shield.

It is nodded that it will be a report from Chiplus who has collected information in the way that continues to be in Gaffado Ghan.

“However, I feel like the three men. It should be not just a deer to go to school.

“Chiplus, do you know that Alex is a person?”

Bardilia seemed somewhat suspicious about the three men, but the interest of Vanderou was not to them. And herself did not hear their behavior directly, so she stopped thinking as it is when the direction of the topic changes.

“Yes, Paulina” This is a student who is currently top in that school. Anyway, you can see someone’s hidden talent.

“You might have a unique skill to protect the witch.”

"I would like to express my wishes."

“I will take care of my feelings.” Dutch Don't do it.

Reco tion of Vandalou’s Alex was not so high as “Elizabeth’s .” If you try to harm Pauvina, it is not the opponent to kill otherwise.

Rather, three men are worried about speaking. If you are in violation of the school rules, you should be dis  of Elizabeth and you.

“But the school is up to Vandalu, but it’s good for both people.”

Dalcia was delighted because he was influenced by the adventurous school. She can only imagine what kind of lonely day she can happen at a school feared by Vandaloo.

However, I thought that Vandalou and Paula were also okay.

The purpose of the orientation that I enrolled in the adventurous school was to guide the useful person and add it to the Vida family, but I do not know whether it is possible to lead it. Because there are people who can not even lead a Vida believer, you can only leave it.

“Is there something for the reincarnation? I asked the adventurous ルドld, but there was no special information.”

The Artサーs "Heart Warrior" who started their activities in Orbaum's adventurer ルドld had collected information such as "a suddenly appeared active person" and "a strange name new person", but today it seems to have no harvest.

"It's right. At least, it seems that the six roads were reborn in the area where the King used. I asked God to tell me if I found something, but I still have no contact.”

Vandaloo prayed to God, and asked him to know the dangers of the sixth road, while devotees.

Curry with potato chips and pizza. When the people of "Origin" look at it, it would be a談 of something, but in "Ramda", God (especially Zurwan) is a su。 that asks directly.

The effect will be outstanding.

“Where is the report meeting finished? How about dinner?”

“Yes, it’s saying that Hiro wants to eat rice, so let’s put everyone in the cafeteria and sashimi of beef steaks, ammonites and ohm shells.”

“It’s a different world, it’s time to get away. I'm sure that children will be happy!

On the next day, the adventurous school had training, which was the preparation stage for new students to practice in the magical field outside the dungeon and Orbaum.

It’s natural that you need to be common to adventurers including magicians.

The adventurer must embrace the samurai and make a strenuous exercise with the proving area of de ing and the material collected.

So the first thing to do at a normal adventurer school is training to improve physical strength. If it is not judged to be sufficient physical strength, training is not accepted to treat weapons.

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語. It is a school where students who want to become an adventurer and become more enthusiasm rather than an ordinary adventurer. Students with a lack of physical strength are already るve in the exam.

Therefore, training to improve physical strength at this school is a simulated battle that is repeated for a long time.

"Run, run, run! And shoot the target! Do not disturb breathing!"

It is a variant obstacle race that performs a distance attack with magecraft and bows installed while overcoming various obstacles.

A magician and a bower are ideal to defend the mae。's companions and perform faraway距離 and護 from a safe place, but there are many things that are impossible in reality.

If you cannot do anything in such a状況 situation, you cannot be able to do it.

“I don’t need to accurately shoot the heart! It’s enough to fold the edges! Now it’s not a fight, it’s a runaway! It seems that you’re running away while repeating the enemy! If you don’t want to be caught and be a monster pellet or a comforter, you can ran even if you die! Snake a spell and squeez the string!”

Dandrip, “True” Randolph, was a teacher of the students of the guardianship. I changed the ground to the   with the spirit magecraft, and I made impaired obstacles by creating trees, and the students became familiar with the course, so they need to run while using their head.

The elaborate spirit magecraft that can not be done by ordinary instructors, and other teachers are also aimed at嘆lamation.

What do you do?

However, the Randolph ran a glimpse into the training received by alumni.

Because there are Vandalou among the students of the avant-garde desire. ......It seems that it was troublesome to run around while careful not to destroy the object though he can use the unattributed magic.

The training that the avant-garde student who is participating is simple to repeat the hitasura simulated fight. Put the armor and practice the same students as the instructors and their opponents with training weapons.

It is a training to put the necessary endurance in practice.

It is not an exception to Vandalou.

(It’s a lower man)

Training spears: Vandaloo, which has a rounded pole, repeated simulated fights with students and instructors, said Randolph.

"Oh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!

Vanderou's physical ability is high. Therefore, the attack of students and instructors should not be known to him. and defeat them with a single shot. However, it’s too hard to get an adult.

That’s why Vandalou did a manual reduction.

You can stop fighting against wedges, avoided , and suppress the speed of attack to the extent that the opponent is avoided.

Vandaloo was good at this. He has been fighting against children in Tarosム. It’s not a s ptor to reduce this in a simulated battle.

There is no skill to use the 槍ar, but it is a wood spear until the training tip. 【Cane】You can handle with skill.

“Oh! I’m sorry! I don’t get my sword!”

"I will avoid the attack with my head. Even if you have a sword for training, you might be injured.

However, the ability to perform in order to make things that have been taken down was not the役sh actors.

If you look at the Vanderou, which continues to practice with a fresh expression, you will notice that the instructors and the students are getting less hands.

And it hurts the pride, but it still does not change anything.

Then, the students and instructors were lying down to Vandaloo. Now, his opponent is the last one.

“Oh... I’m losing...”

Sorry, this entry is only available in 日本語.

On the shoulder of the instructor who left the weapon and sat, Vandaloo placed his hands.

"It was a good muscle." However, there seems to be a habit that if you have a big enemy sprinkling a weapon, you will be 留めped before you execute the attack. It’s better to notice it.”

“Yes...”

I think about using skills immediately. It is good to be more warm, or to repeat the acting and cancellation in small pieces.

Thank you very much!

The instructor who drew the face with tears and nasal water, said the words of gra , and then lost.

Vandaloo laughed after carrying him from the simulated battlefield and lying.

“Where did you get the opponent of the simulated fight? What should you do?”

Vandaloo, whose students to repeat the simulated fight and the teacher, saw the surroundings as if he was 方にed, but Randolph answered the question in his heart, and returned to the students who have received his vision.

――――――――――――――――――――――――

Name: Elizabeth Saulon

Type: Human

Age: 13 (14)

Two name: [Ohime]

Job:Mukai

Level:49

Job history: Apprentice Magician Warrior Magician

・Passive skills

Fatigue resistance: 1Lv

Mental Resistance:1Lv

Poison Resistance:1Lv

・アクティブe skills

Family事Lv

Celebrity:1Lv

Riding:1Lv

Linguistic: 1Lv

LimitLvLv

Unmatched Magic: 1Lv

Magic Control Lv

Dirt Attribute Magic Lv

Fire Attribute Magic Lv

Life Attribute Magic Lv

Swordsmanship Lv

Shield: 1Lv

Dismantling:1Lv

Mage Limit Break: 1Lv

Next story will be posted on July 1st.