Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 338: What does the new family taste like?

I'm sorry.

The black swords and shields made from the Knights of the Witch, the noble who was the Lord of the Cobite King and the Dolmad Army, and the substitute of each Duchess aimed at harassment. It is so far that I took a distance by standing a seat, such as a syndicator near the knight.

It’s a horrible and reminiscent part of them. If you think it is a sword and shield made of harmful substances that have a serious impact on the human body, can you understand their reaction?

Of course, there were no exceptions to the officials of the Duchess of Alcム and the Duchess of Hadros Jahan. V-cream is also made using the [Witch King's Flaw], and Vanderou absorbs the missing pieces.

However, it is not possible to guarantee that the samurai showed by Terkatanis is safe. This is because it uses the same material as Vandalou which has proven to be safe. Neil, they had a question, “Is it possible to use the 片facts of the  facts of the King?”

“Is it okay to find out that it is a predecessor to ask for a frankly?”

"It's not. You should also know that there is a [Making's armor] made using the seal of [Making's missing].

“Is it the same as that? I think there is a risk of 走の!”

In history, there are several countries that used the [Mukai no guise] to war. The armor is a powerful weapon, comparable to the armor made by ORIHALCON. If the super-human of the super-human who is equivalent to the A-class adventurer shakes, the army of the small country can quickly kick off.

However, many of the nations who won the war are tra  by the damage caused by [the armor of the king] and destroyed by it. However, I think that there are several creations that appeal to the dangers of [the armor of the King] in the history.

"There is no risk of runaway"

However, the Terkatanis preached without looking at a、.

This is a samurai that was made from the samurai, and is not the samurai. [The 片 of the King of the Witch] I'm going to know what I'm saying, if you are the official of the Duchess of Birgit?

“...The reason we are doing in the Duke is to make a safer seal.”

The monastery of the fox, the substitute, corrects the words of Terkatanis on the face of bitter bugs.

You can understand what you want to say. What is the same as the lost hair, the missing nail, and the peeled outer shell?

A runaway [the missing part of the King of the Devil] will shoot itself as a tool or leave the site when it is damaged by an external attack. The outer shell, blood, and flakes of the needles and spines of the [Magical swords] and [Magical swords], and ran out.

There are many cases where blood and flakes are thinner or dusted, but there are many cases where needles, spines, bones and shells are left.

If you are wearing a wing, you can use a shield, a spear, or a spear, but even if you are cut off the part of the seal, you can make it again.

And the cut-out part is dependent on the type of [片re] used in the armor, but remains on the spot. It does not parade even if humans or magics touch, and it does not play with magic.

In other words, it is not alive.

“These de。s have been dis、 of in some way, such as being sealed as the de、s of the devil to the temple, so far. However, there was an example of creating a samurai with such a de。s as a material. For those who don’t have ティfacts made by ORIHALCON, it was a valuable samurai that can counteract [the 片fact of the Devil].

Terkatanis Dyna  is going to do the same thing as that of it.”

That’s right. However, it is important to understand everyone even if it explains how much it is.

In other words, Terkatanis came to hand black shield.

Let's show you. Can you attack me?

There are many nobles.

“I can’t do it for me?”

"And I'm."

And even more, the two people come out soon.

The name was the Baron Hadros Jahan. And he was an official of the Duchess of Alcム.

“Is it the Bajahan’s Duchess? Let's rely on softness. I think it’s not to say...”

"I know, I'm shielded. I don’t use it, so I don’t use it.

The syndicator of Hadroth and Arkurem was to confirm the performance of the samurai arms prepared by Terkatanis and to inform Vanderou.

There was a possibility that the samurai of the Terkatanis ran out and his own dangerous eyes, but it was almost impossible. It is because it is the most likely that Terkatanis died.

Hadros receives and installs iron gantryts from the escort and secretary Ludario.

It is a gauntlet made of iron for ceremonies, not a combat adaptation. However, my [Martial arts] skill level is 6. 【Evo。】It’s not about, but I’m confident that it’s a pretty arm. Is it really okay?

Hadroth to make sure. By the way, you don’t use the skill of “getting off” but you don’t want to use it in front of Terkatanis because it’s not Alda, but the use of Vida will descend from the sky, or the content of Vandalu will come.

“I don’t want to do it.” Even if the bones of the arms are broken, let's promise that you will die, but you are not responsible. Can I leave it in writing?

。 ......

Hadroth's fist roars. Even though it is an iron Ganttlet that focuses on the world of equipment, it is possible to kill the技 knights from the top of the shield if you have a high physical ability that was born in a giant species and the techniques that have been developed in the past.

The fist wrapped in such a Ganttlet lives on the black shield, and the 音gue sound that the nobles seemed to be heard.

っ

But Terkatanis was standing. The black shield was absorbed by the fist of Hadroth.

!」

"This is more than expected"

There was a snake in the gauntlet of Hadroth. If you use [your descendant] or [the limit breakdown], you might have crushed it.

"But I'm sorry to have broken the Ganttlet.  

“No, it’s okay.” It’s stronger than that, it’s just made from [the armor of the Devil]. “I didn’t have any shields of Misril and Adamantite.”

。 Mysril and Adamantite, the shield was safe and I was wondering.

In the impression of Hadroth, Terkatanis was also relieved. As the two said, even the shields made by Misril and Adamantite could endure a shot of Hadros. However, Terkatanis was blown back without absorbing the shock.

Ulgen Terkatanis also likes martial arts as the taste of the marquis. However, it is about taste. Hadroth, who is the Duke, is the difference in the geographical power.

After that, he sang a few magics that Arkurem’s deputy delegation, and then left to the shield that Terkatanis set up, but the black shield was completely anti-hot and cold.

"It is this performance with a shield." Imagine how many swords are made using the same material. In addition, if you look at it, you will not be paraded to [the 片fact of the king].

Mass production of these equipment and equipment to the general. “I want those who have an objection to this thing to say”

A samurai made a samurai armor with the cooperation of the Duchess and the deputy officers. The response was large, but I didn’t have any support.

Even if it was high performance and safety, it was because the image was bad because it was using [the missing of the magic king].

If you are equipped with a shogun, it will be a few steps. However, it is not easy to get out of hand if you anticipate the warriors of the liver and the temple.

In fact, Hadroth took the opposite pose as “the politician of the Duchess of Jahan, whose power is strong of Alda. He is the 。 of the Baron of Alcム.

......Telcatanis, whose six-way is known to be the Vanderlus side of the Arkulem and Hadros Jahan, was intimate, and they wanted to throw away a good skin.

However, even if the performance of the samurai produced is superior, it is impossible to judge that it is safe if it does not see the process of production.

"To adopt, you need to check the production process. If there is a dangerous part in the production process of the samurai, the possibility that the samurai 片s is not disappeared.

"In addition, it is necessary to verify whether the response can be done quickly when the 走s are run. As you know, there are specialist researchers in the Duke. If you are good, we suggest cooperation.

Hadroth Jahan, who reveals information to Vandaloo. And the delegation of the Duchess of Burgit, who sells his own research business.

On the other hand, the substitute of the Duchess of Saulon praised the adoption of samurai. As the army ran down until they made a borrow to other Duchess, trying to flatten the former SCULA autonomy ward in the past, the Amid empire is rough, they are leap in the re力ation of military power.

"When I saw a demonstration earlier, the performance of the samurai was determined to be equivalent to mis。 and Adamantite. I would like to give to the Border Guard of the Duchess of Saulon!

“What do you do if you irritate the Amid Empire? If you have some high-performance samurai, you will only be str ling with the large army!”

High performance swords and shields. The imperial invasion army is 10,000 units, even if you have a騎士 knight. Also, as if you hit here, the castle of the Milg shield is the most important thing."

。 A few years have passed since I lost six thousand sharp forces in the山脈edition of the Boundary Mountains. If a defamatory defendant is added to the sharp forces that are being rebuilt, it is easy to attack. That’s why some of the swords and shields of good performance were added.

However, other aristocrats, whose意見 is not limited to the opposite, especially the voices of the Duchess of Saulon will be buried before the views of the Dolmad Army.

"Telkatanis, how do you make samurai in the first place?"

"The Lord of His Maje。, sorry, can not be revealed in this place even with His Maje。's life." It is a cata phic thing if there is something that the owner of the radical thought can do, where the information is leaked.

However, let’s say that I’m made by craftsmen, priests, and alchemists I’m surrounded by.”

After that, the agenda continued ... that is, the conclusion did not come out, so it was pro。ding.

How long can I earn? Alcrem’s vice president and Hadros Jahan as the information flow to Vanderou...)

It is assumed that the information flows in Vanderou. Neil, if you do not flow, you will be troubled.

[Witch King's Flaws] It is conf。 with the falsehood information of making a samurai, and Terkatanis believed that it was to make a samurai.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. For a while, they will try to find a samurai workshop and craftsman who do not exist)

The samurai arms prepared by Terkatanis were actually made by Rokudo himself. There are no workshops, craftsmen and alchemists from the beginning. False information he directed.

But the song is not only him.

“...Is it good for this tone?”

After the meeting room, I screamed with a small voice that I can't reach Ludario near Hadros.

"Of course." Thank you, Hadros

However, there was a person who responded to the mel . It is a small use magical king in the ear of Hadros.

"I was surprised when I was told that I would not dive into the meeting that the predecessor attends, but what happens unexpectedly?"

“I didn’t think I would be in my ears.”

By the way, the same wizard is divulged in the ears of the substitute of the Duchess of Alcム.

I made it small to the extreme. I can only listen to the outside by diving in the ear. There is a short working time.

However, it seems that your account was correct.

From Hadros, Vandaloo, who expressed the fact that the terkatanis has collected [the missing of the magical king] and [fittings], collects information first. Until now, the Alda Temple was trying to collect it in one place to strictly control the security system of the [Witch King's Flaws], but it felt that there was something different.

When the thoughts of working are different from the temple, he worked for many years in the world of politics. And it was right.

The samurai of "Terkatanis" How do you think?

"I see the armatures, but I see it, and I see it, it is comparable to the armatures made by Miss。il and Adamantite. I can only see the toy if it is bad.

Hadroth was surprised by the evaluation of Vandaloo. However, it will be the same evaluation even if Talah and Datara, who are receiving material from Vandalou and making s、ptors and armors.

"Hadoros, please think calmly. It is a samurai that uses materials from the [Witch King's Flaws] and [Bearings] that cannot be countered if it is not Orihalcon.

That’s why it’s more のttle than ORIHALCON, comparable to misril and Adamantite. “It’s a problem if you can only make samurai”

"Have you like to make the same hardness shield as copper shield using steel?" However, if you can get the material infinitely by just pouring the magical power into the [fittings], is it more convenient than making a samurai with Miss、 or Adamantite?

“It’s right, but I don’t think it’s cheaper than the predecessor says. If you can mass-pro  inexpensively, and you want to adopt it, I think that you have prepared a large amount of shields, swords, spears, armor, etc. as evidence.

It’s easy to get the material from [Making's armor] rather than mining and purifying from a dangerous dungeon or mine. It is usually almost impossible to fix it and maintain a system that keeps it safer. However, if possible, you can take a lot of materials. Like Vanderou.

That’s why it’s just a sword and one shield that I’ve seen as a sampling if Terkatanis was looking for it.

It was because the shield and sword making themselves were rough. Although it has been mis化ing, it is such a feeling that it is just poured into the type of sword and shield as it was cut out from the mass. I don’t see the swords nearby.

I see. It may be the reason why performance is dropped. That’s why I tried only the shield. That said, there may be no craftsman or alchemist who was said by the predecessor, or there may be no unnamed person who has only a rough arm.

If you think about it, the craftsman or alchemist whose predecessor is enclosed, you will be able to make any prototypes or decorations, and you will be given effects other than absorbing hard shocks.

He will show up in front of the officers who were dispatched from the tops of the kingdom of the Kobit and the kingdom of the Dolmad army. I don’t have to worry about my work and life.

In addition, there is a plan to bring not only a single卒 but also a knight and a shogun who conducts it. If not only function but also look good.

This is a fake information that says “it’s true.” It's a serene hand that rushed.

The person who attends the conference, including me, heard that the equipment related to the [Witch King's Flaw], and I did not realize the fine thing that was drunk by that shock. It was helpful to hear your opinion.

“I’m so happy to see you.” Let’s meet later

When I think that I was doing so, I had a feeling of moving Mozomozo from the ears, and the kind of pololi and small worms fell.

Hadros takes it in the palm of the hand and carefully包む it with a handkerchief.

?」

“Oh, it’s like a separate shibashi.” “What I’ve talked about before going back to the house!”

This is a dangerous zone. Hadroth headed to the salon with a gentle footstep, so he talked with the other Duchess officers, the central aristocratic, and the Cobite King to exchange opinions and information...in other words, he made political exchanges, and then royalties.

"I'm not lucky. If things happen a little later, I would have been to my own territory."

“Is it true that you are the king of Cobite, but you didn’t have to change the dangers that you can find anywhere in the Baangaia continent.”

“It’s the way, it’s Rudario”

"Taijin Tei" won two names!

At that time, a pair of parents and children were told in the continent of the King.

"This is the reason why my sister and stepmom increase. And now, I got two names that are now called the Giant Emperor.

"I'm amazing, I can't stand my teeth!"

He praises Vandalu, the reason why Baknawa was influenced by two names, while he rodes a giant rock.

"Maybe it's the reason that the new friend of Jahhan's Duchess won two names. In addition to the giant species in the boundary mountains, it is also known as being present in the outer giant species.

Tearmats are not interested in the two names of the Giants, even though they say so.

"More than that, my daughter, and my child, I'm worried about it. When did you come?

"No, Elizabeth is my daughter of law."

"It's like a daughter of the spring?"

“Before I became a daughter of law, I have called it with a friend, so I think that it will change.”

"...I think that it is a father of the righteousness of the daughter, which is usually called by a friend, but I will say it. Human society seems to be complicated

It seems that the human society of the Baangaia continent looks like this from Tiermatt. It is not impossible because it is also agreed to the Duke of Alcム and the Duke of Jahan.

"Anyone, what kind of taste? Delicious like aにdy?"

"This is a thing, it is important to eat. What you can eat is something that the enemy and the con s said to eat, and "It's just!"

"Yes, just licking!"

“Is it okay? But if you remember the taste and smell in Bakunawa, it will be helpful.”

The 食 of slaughter, the smell of baknarwa is sharp after taste. However, the sensor is sharper than the nose. Because of this, you can remember not only the target taste but also the smell.

And when you learn the taste and smell, you can feel it before drinking.

“Recently, I’m going to be able to defeat the monsters of rank 5 even in my party, and it might be okay if you just touch the tongue.”

“What did you change the job? What did you do?”

Yes. [Demon ruler] When I became, I did not decide how to use [the world in the body] one was filled with daemon game and the level wasスト, so I became a [霊ist].

After enrolling in an adventurous school, he prioritized the treatment of elizabeth and other fellow leveling and amerias, and until he knows how much terkatanis is going to do, there was no strong enemy, and the level of Vandalu was very loose.

And finally, I changed my job to [Demon ruler] because it became a 100 level. If you are thinking about it, it is because it was a name job that seems to be a fast level.

As a result, one of the worlds in the body was filled with daemon  facts. The more you think of the magical world, the more daemon appears, and the world of the body is called the king and pledges loyalty.

And now I noticed that the soul that drifts around Vanderou is a little less.

"Maybe, [Demon ruler] was a job that can make a daemon. In the brain announcement, it flowed when I earned the skills of [magement] and [devil alchemy]. I've already integrated into other skills

He creates a demon's body using his magical power and his own blood, and then inserts the souls floating around him into it. What they're doing is the same as golem creation and pseudo-reincarnation.

When he became a [Qliphoth] and had the [Body World] skill, it overflowed and created a swarm of demons that filled one body world, which probably caused his level to crash.

“Ah, there it is. A delicious piece of bone.''

As I was talking, Bakunawa brought the white piece on the tip of his tongue closer to me.

『Hmm, then Vandalieu, blood――』

"No, I promised to give the second one to Knochen, so please leave the second child with me for a while."

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Vandaloo Arc Hill Willowダ Zakart

・Type: Dumpire (Mother: Goddess)

Age: 12

・T) name: [Gour Emperor] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser] [Teaser楽] [Teaser楽] [Teaser)] [Teaser] [Teaser護] [Teaser)] [Teaser護] [Teaser)] [Thai] [Thai] [Tai] [Tai] [Taijin] [Taijin] [Taijin]

・Job: Spiritualist

・Level ・

・Job history:Dead Attribute Magician Gorem Alchemist Undead Taymer Soul S ptor Defender S術ptor Defender S術ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender S ptor Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender Defender

・Capacity

・Life force2424,482+(55,55) (67,347UP!)

・Magic power: 16,030,429,383+(16,030,429,383) (503,386,604UP!)

・Power :85,638+ 56) (1232UP!)

・Agility:80,370+(803) 31UP!)

・Hydraulic power:90,628+(906) 78UP!)

・Intellectual power:117,117+(1,170) (2,204UP!)

・Passive skills

Lv(UP!)

Super Speed: 8Lv

Lv5

Invalid status

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Darkness



chanting destroy:10Lv



MAGIC POWER  Lv(UP!)

Super Reinforced LvLv (UP!)

Failure Poison: Fang Nail TongueLvLv

Body Endless Stretch: Tongue

Unfair Attack: Great

Body Super EnhancementLvLv(UP!)

Lv

Magic Power: 10Lv

Magic Power Recovery Speed Rise: 10Lv

Attack Power Enhancement at Magic Gun Startup: Large

Power: 6Lv

Ability Enhancement: 1Lv

Ability Enhancement: 10Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Vidal Magic Empire: 5Lv

Self - Regrowth: Cousin: 4Lv

Ability Enhancement: Co-food: 4Lv

Time-Capacity Enhancement of Souls: Small

Recovery:7Lv

Self-reinforcement: killing: 7Lv

Cane equipped with magic power enhancement: large

Full Capacity Enhancement: Extreme

・アクティブe skills

Blood: 5Lv(UP!)

Limit transverse: 10Lv

GoムムLv (integrated with [dimens] and devil smelting!)

False: 1Lv

Magic precision control: 5Lv

Spirit: 1Lv

Alchemy Lv

Soul Fighter: 8Lv (integrated [Night]!)

Simultaneous multi-current:8Lv

Surgical Lv

Equalization:6Lv

Guntai: 4Lv

Super Speed Thinking: 7Lv

General群Lv

Weight Loss

Lv

Screaming Lv

Spirit Magic:6Lv

Magnolia: 8Lv

Shading arms:8Lv

Chip limit transceiver: 4Lv

Lv(UP!)

Lash: 4Lv

Spiritual Change: Lightning

Cane: 4Lv

High Speed Flight LvLv

Music: 4Lv

Lv

Muscle: 4Lv

Magic Lv

Unique skills

10Lv



Mental Erosion Lv

Maze Creation: 7Lv

大

Home



Soul Bakurai:10Lv

Vida's protection

God's protection of the earth

体d Thinking Lv

Zantak's Protection

体 operation Lv

Soul:5Lv

Witch

God of Origin (Change from God of Origin!)

ク

Zulwarn's protection

Full Recording

5Lv

mutations

King's Body

Home

Botin's protection

Pelia

World

Curse

No previous experience

Existing job failure

Inability to acquire self-power

〇 Job description: Kuri Photo

Jobs that can create ten worlds in the body. The size of the world in the body depends on the magic of the owner.

In order to earn this job, it is a condition that you have multiple times to different worlds, and that you have gained skills.

〇 Job description: daemon ruler

A job representing the devil's manager, the existence of its creation. When you get to this job, you can use the daemon game and create it with the same sense as the magic. However, it is not possible to create a stronger daemon than you, and it is often weaker than you (the maximum, even if you are fighting one by one, it is sure to defeat it if you do not cut it off), and it consumes more magical power to create strong daemon. Vanderou is not an exception.

In addition, if Vandalou doesn’t detach, you can win the game daemon. It is the degree that the same A-class adventurer can fight and win somehow.

By the way, this “how much you can defeat if you don’t detach” is also included when daemon tries to fight, such as evading, hiding and overturning.

Next story will be posted on October 16th.