Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 392: The Gluttonous Dragon Drinks Even the Evil Poison

The 100-meter-long walrus collides head-on with the gigantic body that Vandalieu created from countless [Demon King's Arms], [Demon King's Legs], and [Demon King's Articulate Paws].

“Nuuuuuuu! "If I overpower you, I'll lose!" ? ”

“The number of [legs] is different.”

Vandalieu was able to grow [Demon King's Legs] by absorbing the [Fragments] he received from the Dukes of the Selection Kingdom of Orbaume.

"Also, I don't have enough rushing power. Points will be deducted."

“Oooooooooo! ? ”

And then, moving its countless legs and limbs, it moved away from the main capital of the Duchy of Jahan while pushing the ``Sea Elephant Beast King'' Toothord.

“W-where are you going! ? ”

"I'm thinking of taking precautions and keeping my distance from the city."

“Do you really want to keep me away from Vida-sama? ? ”

"You have no right to call me father-in-law."

At that moment, a powerful pressure was released from Vandalieu's body, which was small from Tooth Ord's point of view. It frightened even Toothordo, who was in a frenzy after being implanted with a piece of the Demon King's soul.

"Is it about time? Now, let's remove the Demon King's soul fragment."

Deciding that he was far enough away from the city, Vandalieu grew new tentacles with suckers in order to remove the fragments of Guduranis's soul from Tooth Ordo, which had become frightened and slowed down. This time it's not a goddess or a female titan, but a giant male sea elephant, so I feel very at ease.

“Stand back, Toothordo! ”

Then, the ``Demon Elephant Evil Beast King'' Vafovald challenged me, raising his trunk.

However, Vandalieu did not panic and fired a [stopping barrier bullet] to cancel out the kinetic energy contained in that mass.

“Wow, you stopped the blow from my nose, which was said to be able to crush mountains! ? ”

Vafovard's nose, having been completely deprived of kinetic energy, hangs down helplessly. Astonished, a thick tentacle... but not the Demon King's nose wraps around his neck.

"Okay, okay, let's go this way a little longer. That's a point deduction. My father-in-law can't be a man with a nose that can only throw a blow like that."

“Y-you! Are you trying to tear apart Vida-sama and me? ? ”

"No, please discuss your relationship with Vida with yourselves later. But please stop chasing my mother around."

While saying that, I tried to block Vafovard's movements in order to take in the soul fragment embedded in him. The reason they were chasing Darcia was because she had lost her sanity due to the parasitized soul fragments of Guduranis. In other words, this is also the fault of Arda, the God of Law and Life. They are not guilty.

『ＢＹＡＡＡＡＡＡ！』

While letting out a high-pitched scream that pierced his ears, the ``Evil God of Darkness'' Bjazekbyokt rained down beams of light towards Vandalieu. Of course, Toothordo and Vafovard.

“[Omagari Terukabe]! [Lightning Cannon]!”

“I won’t let you get in my way! [Divine Judgment]!”

Zadiris' light princess magic once again bends the trajectory of the dirty rays, and Basdia's ax cuts off the spheres that make up Bjazekbyokt one after another.

"I won't let you love me anymore!"

Then, Darcia used [Chaos] to transform her legs and use her kick claws to tear the sphere apart.

The role of the three girls is to hold back Bjazekbjökt until Vandalieu extracts and absorbs the Demon King's soul fragments from the two Beast Kings.

『ＧＩＩＩＩＩＩ！？』

A scream or a turbid chorus. However, I was not crying out just to be called the wicked god or pain.

When I think that there was a blade of light on the countless spheres that make up him, I was attacked by the busdias. Apologies, but no results were found. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.

"[Real]! It's such a rough movement, we don't use it!"

However, the movement of Viazekkyoku is not used in Dalcia andャdia. Strike with a mutant stick, kick the entire blade of light with a boot.

“It’s time for mothers to go down to Van!”

“Well, don’t hesitate!”

However, Zadilis who are not good at the meatball fight is difficult to avoid s ical objects with blades flying at high speed. That’s why I went down to Vanderou.

Dalcia andャdia had to stop the Viazekkyoku, but the number of spheres is very large. Therefore, even if the two are stronger, it was not stopped. In addition, even if the sphere is crushed, penetrated, and broken, the scream is weakened.

“Do you have to identify someone’s所?”

When there is a part equivalent to the body and the nucleus in the Viazekbjökt, theディアdia asked the subordinate of Vandalu, which is descending himself.

I don't know. [The Memory of the King of the Devil] is looking for the main body...... Gudulanis did not manage the subordinates finely so far.

Vandalu, who incorporates the memory of the King, is a memory of the life of the different worlds, whose values and mental structures are different from humans.

As a material, it is not easy to understand and the information is organized, and Gduranis has a [complete recording technique] skill like the current Vanderou, so I forget it. In the first place, because it is personal memory, it is not remembered that Gudulanis did not remember interest.

And Gudulanis seemed to have a detailed understanding of all subordinates and ecology. He remembers his abdo。 as a legend, but he only remembers the name of the wicked god at the end.

However, because the Mao army was such a system, the brave Zakart at that time succeeded in sleeping Gwhadghan and Fidilg.

“How about Dalcia?”

"I don't know me." All the balls are visible to the same

Likewise, she asked Dalcia, but she couldn’t identify her eyes.

"Everything is a constant life force, and there is no eaves. Perhaps, each of the balls is composed of a group called “Byazekkyoku”.

There is no reason that one of the spheres操e other spheres, and countless spheres動e a group called Viazekkyoku and act like a single物ature. It is the wickedness of the breed.

When Dalcia explains,ディアdia will face.

"I see, the same as the Van now?" It’s troublesome to have the same thing in the enemy”

“No, I’m totally different from me.” There is a body in this page.

So after Vandalou’s disposition toディアdia, Vandalou’s restraint-resisting vapourd was blown into roses by a shock wave released from the nose.

"I'm here!"

"Zadris, I'm here. That’s how I used my body until a little before.”

It was a screaming Sadilis, but at that time, some of the arms of the Magus near her were transformed into Vanderou.

Vandaloo was trying to increase the body for a while before, but it was not possible to increase the body after all. Instead, it was possible to change the parts made with "Main body" and "Usage King" and "De  of the King" instead.

It is self for Vandaloo, the king of the use. If you want to use the magic King, you can make it.

As a result of further trial and error, Vanderou has become able to replace the parts of the [Witch King's Flaw] and the main body of the use witch King.

Of course, it is possible to change to the main body even if there is not enough type of "片" to make up the use of the other shape and the human body.

If he cares about it now, the small animal-shaped witch king in the city is also contacted with Hadroth, which is located in the castle of the Duchess of Jahan, and the escort witch King, whose escort was placed in the Duchess of Hartner, and the horse-shaped witch king, whose escorts the wizard, Zubberogia and Yurina.

Vandaloo was moving as if it was [transition].

And now, I replaced the parts and bodies of the [Witch King's Flaw] that I'm living, and compared the rays of the Viazekkyoku. ......I'm exactly hitting, but when I hit the number of arms that I made with [Witch King's Flaw], the size of the damage that I receive is overwhelmingly different.

“Now, it’s right.” But is it right here? Is there any other place that you are suffering?

"There is a place where I'm str、ling, but it's okay if I don't go."

It’s time to go back.

It was a sudden to the people who came up with Dobopeseparo, the Wick of。lls, in the sky of the Duchess of Saulon.

(What is this? Who has unenclosed the seal? Gudulanis? Then the world is still ugly)

Aビ that does not smell the ビres of molds and fungi. The sky is not dark and the meat is not so burned.

It seems to be a farm made to give a place to live in a vulnerable生物ature. Therefore, the aquacultured生物atures do not eat adultly, and they use tools to resist them. ugly and ugly.

(Ugly...Ugly! Ugly! Ugly! This world is too ugly to become our new land today! If you have to clean it a little earlier!)

If you are a Dobopese Paro, you will be given priority to understanding your condition and ensuring your own safety. First, you will be able to escape from this place and hide it.

He was already sealed once. That is, it was defeated by the brave army. If the seal has been unlocked, the勇 who noticed that he was released may be印 and sealed again.

That said, the priority of contaminating the world with his own cursive is that he had a feeling of harassment that he remembered because of his comfortable environment and the natural environment of the "Ramda" world was too diverged, and the neglect of the soul of Gudulanis that he was eroding his soul.

If he sprinkled the poison as it is, the people of the Duke of Saulon on the ground would die without surgery.

“What are you?”

However, before starting it, a 形の of the shaped 形の appeared in the visibility of Dobopese Paro.

What's New?

The same question was Bakunawa, the son of the “Yamahilongjin” マmat. He sensed the dangerous smell that he did not smell and飛 flying from the Arc Mountains.

The top and bottom of theコopus, the head is covered with a shell like Fujitsubo and a pro。sion, and the appearance of the Dobopese Paro where the eyes and mouth are im。 on the touch arm, and Bakunawa understood that he is a dangerous existence.

He learns a。 to the presence of danger to his favorite sister, and makes his appetite.

“Are you ranked monsters? Or do you have a   that we slept?” We will continue to purify this world.

"Before,』,!!"

』

Bakunawa, who suddenly rushed to Dobopese Paro at a speed like a moment moved, turned himself in the air and saw a powerful shot by the tail.

The shell of pro。sions similar to Fujitsubo is filled with ビcy, and the blood of poisonous purple scatters from the whole body. The body of Dobopeseparo is composed of 。ent poisons and curses.

"It's delicious!"

Before the de。s and blood of the shell of Dobopeseparo fell on the ground, Bakunawa sucked breath and eaten all in the mouth of the body.

The countless eyes of Dobopeseparo seen it were surprised.

(I'm sorry!? I'm going to eat me!? This is the skill and power of Mao said!?)

Even in the original world, there is no living organism that was safe to ghilt part of Dobopeseparo. Only Gduranis, who is overwhelmingly strong, was the only unrivalled enemy of Dobope Zepalo. Is there a new enemy in this ugly world?

The spirit of Dobopeseparo is governed by unnatural irritation.

"Onore! I want to eat this!"

After a shot of the tail of Bakunawa, the body that was blowing from the sky to the arc mountain range is still in the sky and the curse is secreted.

“I don’t see it! I don’t see it! I don’t see it! I’m the evil god that controls the curse and poison! I don’t know how many you are, but if the basis of confidence is resistant, I think that you can endure the curse poison!

If you are a regular person, you can release the poison that the brain can not落ち from the nose just by smelling one odor from the waterfall. This is a curse to kill enemies, far more 。ent than the poison that is released to purify.

If you receive this curse, even if you are the owner of the skill, it will be cursed and poisoned with the body and spirit. Even Bellwoods who sealed him did not come up with a strategy other than the force of fighting while purifying the spells with spectral magecraft and fire attribute magecraft. And it was successful to seal before it was not able to withstand poisons, but it was not to beat the curse.

However, I did not know Dobopeseparo.

"This juice, delicious"

Baknawa sucked and continued to drink all the cursives that had a large mouth, while pursuing Dobopezeparo from the sky above the city of the Dukes of Saulon.

A sweet and rich scent that makes the lungs splendid, strong stimulation thatビs the bilibili and tongue than the cola, and a drink like a thick smoothie.

“It’s delicious for children.”

He is the first death-attribute dragon born in this world. He is the first child of the demon lord who controls all the causes of death that occur in this world of Lambda, including curses, poisons, and diseases.

Trying to kill him with curses or poison is even more foolish than trying to burn the Fire Dragon to death with flames.

``Idiot...this cursed poison of mine, even a hero would not be able to escape unscathed if it were touched, keeps drinking it and thinks it's delicious! ? Wow, how strong and beautiful...! ”

The sight of Bakunawa completely nullifying his own cursed poison and continuing to drink it makes Dobopezepaluo feel a sense of respect and admiration for Bakunawa. However, it was overshadowed by even more anger.

“I don’t admit it! I won't admit it! In this ugly world, there must be no being stronger or more beautiful than me or Guduranis-sama! ! ”

The evil god continued to emit cursed poison just to keep Bakunawa's mouth shut, as he continued to emit cursed poison in order not to have his [self-love] denied, and then spewed out different poisons from his many heads that looked like the tentacles of an octopus.

「ＧＩＡＡＡＡＡ！」

「ＢＡＯＯＯＯＯＯ！」

Venom gusts and venom slimes, which are monsters of poison and curses, appeared one after another. Of course, Dobopezepaluo doesn't think that he can defeat Bakunawa with that. However, since Bakunawa was trying to protect this land, I was hoping that creating monsters and letting them go wild would distract his attention and create an opening for a counterattack.

However, even though there was no hero that Dobopezepaluo feared in this land, there were many heroes.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Dalcia Zakart

・Type: Chaos elf sauce

・Age ・

・T) name: [Witch] [Mother] [Monster'sレント] [Vida's Life] [Emperor] [Champion] [Champion] [Champion's Mother of Victory] [Champion's Beauty] (NEW!)

・Job: Empress Pluto

・Level:39

・Job history: Magical girl Emperor magician magical idols Magical idols Magical wrestler changing  man Warrior Magical High Priests Magical Empress

・Passive skills

Darkness

Magic Resistance:10Lv

Physics Resistance: 10Lv

State failure resistance: 10Lv

Super Power: 1Lv

Super Speed: 8Lv (UP!)

Life power :10Lv

Magic Power: 10Lv(UP!)

Magic Power Auto Recovery:10Lv(UP!)

Magic Power Recovery Speed: 10Lv (UP!)

Self-Enhanced: Vanderlust Lv (UP!)

Super Reinforcement: Lead: 5Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Creativity: 1Lv

Ability Enhancement: Level 8 (UP!)

Color inc):10Lv(UP!)

Attack power increase when装備ping bows: extreme

Non-metal armor armor equipped to enhance protection power: Max. (UP!)

Lv4(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Transformation: 1Lv

WHEEL DEVELOPMENTS MAGIC ATT  POWER  : Small (Wheel equipped time magic attack force increase!)

Full Capacity Enhancement: Small (NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Cuisine:7Lv

Housekeeping: 5Lv

Kayumigami: 5Lv

Kadama Descent:5Lv(UP!)

Thousandsurgery:6Lv

Unattribute Magic:6Lv(UP!)

Magic precision control: 5Lv(UP!)

Psychology:8Lv(UP!)

術Lv

風命魔術 Lv(UP!)

Spirit Magic:10Lv

Dismantling Lv

Spirit:6Lv(UP!)

Limit LvLv (UP!)

Cryptism:8Lv(UP!)

10Lv

5Lv(UP!)

Saint: 8Lv(UP!)

Butoh:6Lv

Singing:6Lv(UP!)

Magic Cane Limit: 6Lv (UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Magic:5Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

Vida

Gods of Life Attributes

Kaoserv's ancestors

Vanderou's protection

Steel frame

Playback Witch: 8Lv (UP!)

Chaos

Name: Zadilis

Age: 301

Two Names: [Magical Girl] [Magic Cane's You] [Masashi Okihime] [Magical Girl]

:14

Species:プリンセス Eプse Moon Princess Arc Wizard

Level:52

Job:Makai Princess

Job Level 

Job history:Apprentice Magician Magician Magician Light Attribute Magician Wind Attribute Magician Sageman Magician Magician Magician Wizard Princess Magician Magician Magician Magician Magician

Passive s

Darkness

Pain Resistance: 5Lv

Monster power: 4Lv

Na  poison Lv

Magic Power Recovery Speed Super Rise: 5Lv (UP!)

Magic Power: 10Lv

Magic Power Auto Recovery:10Lv(UP!)

Cane equipment when magic power is increased: large

Ability Enhancement: Transformation: 10Lv (UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Lead Lv(UP!)

Magic Resistance:8Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Moonlight:6Lv(UP!)

Guide: HimeidoLvLv(UP!)

Himeido In  Lv (UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Vandalou:1Lv(NEW!)

Active s

Hikarihime Magic: 5Lv(UP!)

風姫魔術:4Lv(UP!)

False Magic: 1Lv

Magic precision control Lv(UP!)

ALC:7Lv

Cryptism: 10Lv(UP!)

Simultaneous activation:10Lv(UP!)

Limit: 8Lv

Family事Lv

High Speed Thinking)Lv(UP!)

Cane surgery:6Lv(UP!)

6Lv(UP!)

Singing:6Lv(UP!)

Butoh:6Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

ZOZOGANTE

Garrett

Vanderou's protection

Diana's protection

Vida's protection

Name: Busdia

Age: 27 years old

Two Names: [T】 Titan] [Transformation Axe]

:15

Species:マ Amazones Eプse Knight Queen

Level:15

Job:Magical Axes

Job Level: 7

Job history:Apprentice Warrior Apprentice Magician Magician Magician Magician Wind Attribute Magician Magician Magic Axe Blade Demon Queen Magical Empress Magical Axe Idol Axe Australia

・Passive skills

Darkness

Power:10Lv(UP!)

Pain ResistanceLvLv(UP!)

Na  Poison (Claw):8Lv(UP!)

Magic ResistanceLvLv(UP!)

Intuition: 6Lv

Axe Attack Force Enhancement: Medium (UP!)

Mental Resistance: 7Lv (UP!)

Magic Power: 6Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Lead Lv(UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Color: 7Lv(UP!)

Ability Enhancement: Moonlight:8Lv(UP!)

Self-reinforcement: Transformation: 4Lv (UP!)

Full Capacity Enhancement: Small (NEW!)

・アクティブe skills

Democratic Blades: 4Lv (UP!)

Lv(UP!)

Moon bows: 1Lv (A ning from bows!)

Throwing: 10Lv(UP!)

Brutal Foot: 5Lv

10Lv

Unattribute Magic:6Lv

Wind Attribute Magic:10Lv

Water Attribute Magic:10Lv

Magic Control Lv

Cooking: 4Lv

Magic Axe: 5Lv (UP!)

Armor Lv(UP!)

Magic: 8Lv(UP!)

Dismantling Lv

Conductor:6Lv

Lv(UP!)

Fighter: 7Lv

Singing: 4Lv

Dance: 4Lv

5Lv(UP!)

Unique skills

ZOZOGANTE

Garrett

Vanderou's protection

Diana's protection

Vida's protection

Next story will be posted on October 18th.

On October 15th, I'm planning to release my book version 7 from Saga Forest.