Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 337: Those caught in dreams and those whose dreams are about to become reality

Drassé Liem Sands heard that Vandalu and Ameria Saulon re ed.

“What do you think during the hospital? What did you think? What did you think? What did you do?”

He cast wine glasses to the user who can not answer even if he was angry, and the Prime Minister Ream Sands was standing up from the office.

If you do this, you can not choose the means. We have to cooperate with Vidal Saulon in the residence of the Duchess of Saulon.

But he did not come out of his office.

“Gokigenyo, Count of Lime Sand!”

The door was kicked off with such a voice.

"How do you defeat the door without a lady, knock?"

"Yes, I'm going to beat and break from the next."

It was the samurai of Elizabeth Sauron, who he was a guardian.

“Eh, Elizabeth, you, what are you doing? Do you just do this?”

From amazement to a  expression change,ムsabス sprinkled fist when he approached.

“I don’t just do it!”

Her fist lives on the face of the leem sands and sprinkled as it was.

っ

With a strange scream, the leam sand Count spins to the wall and flies. In his vision, his folded teeth reflected a景 in the air.

“How did you know the king of Japan?”

It was between Tamaza.

“Are you tired?”

As the predecessor asked, the Count of Ream Sands was conf . This is because I couldn’t remember where I was called the king of the country, and how many people call me.

"Oh, Sumanna, Dazai. I had a dream.

That’s right, Vandaloo, Ameria Saulon, and Elizabeth Saulon.

The Count of Drazze Ream Sands has been surpassing the Amid Empire with innovative policies, voluntary action and great strategy in the war, and its 績 goes to the first unified state king of the Baangaia continent.

This was the midst of the work of Lime Sands.

“Hhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha However, there is no way to do this in peace.

As the predecessor says, the kingdom of Lime Sand is full of wind. The people live a rich life, and the nobles who cure each territory are served to him with high loyalty.

There are adventurers and knights who have excellent debate of the monsters without natural disasters, and the magical precincts are spreading or shrinking.

"But we have received a request from the aristocratic people who want his or her daughter to be his or herself. “I don’t have to do this.”

“This is a matter of time that Gogu becomes more wider than this Royal Palace.”

“It’s a painful problem at all.”

Drazze Lime Sand, who laughed and confirmed that the country is peaceful and se tial sail, heads to the rear palace.

"Welcome to me, my husband"

There is a collection of beautiful women and beautiful  in the Baangaia continent. This is the world of Momogengo.

“Women, let’s give the glory of this king’s world.”

The convention embraces the Dlasse while giving up the voice. A erce Night Continues Close to Dawn

“Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

However, it seems that Drazze was sleeping on the way.

Dorasse, who dreamed,   up from the bed.

“But this is a dream that I don’t like.”

Dorazze's dream is always here. The simplicity of the simplicity that the plains use is lying with a rough dress.

It is easy to make a room, but it is equipped with a large window with a steel lattice.

"Kikitaka, Ise room cleaning silo, Doraze, Rimsando"

In addition, the door of this room is made of thick steel, and there is only a vanity look behind the覗ek window that is open only from the outside.

In this dream, the body of the Dorasse that should be the king is low, and it is impossible to make it in the diet if it does not follow the directions of the watch.

Don’t worry, Dolasse started cleaning by removing broom and dust from the cleaning tools provided in the room.

Food

And the food that is served is 素al. Bread with dried meat soup. It is a meal only with water. There is no fruit or wine if there is no thick meat or fish.

Oho is not a good meal, but there is no way to complain to a dream. Innocent and carry on the mouth.

When I looked at the windows, I saw four peopleが見dow towards the gate of this building. When I guess from the back figure, the adult woman seems to be one and three children.

When I noticed that one of the children is 纏 down with their golden hair, I felt a strong feeling on the chest of Dolasse Ream Sand.

It is a feeling that the feeling of loss, repentance and a。 were mixed, such as what I got a little more.

However, I can't do anything in Dlasse. You can only send a look at the trolleys that are greeted outside the gate.

“Have you ever come up with a dream?”

I wanted to go back to reality earlier, but Drasse, which was no longer in the Count, broke up the tableware.

Vanderou asked Elizabeth and Maheria, while conscious of the fact that before Drazze Liem Sand is looking at the windows that made the way Amelia looks out.

“I have been devoted, but did you meet my expectations?”

"... Yeah, it's enough.、, Vanderou

Elizabeth said that the mother, Ameria, had a mental illness, because the eld of the leem sand, who had a guardian, continued to drink drugs that affect the spirit.

It was known that the Count was aiming for his own body, and when he refused it, he was pushed into the famous shed that was away from the house, and he was forced to live a bit economically for more than a year. It was difficult to forgive me not only that but also my mother.

However, the power of Elizabeth was difficult to return to the back shield. It is necessary to abandon the position of the late sister of the Duchess of Saulon and realize that it will be a plain citizen.

However, there is a reason that the current Elizabeth is too reliable.

So first, I changed the shield behind Elizabeth’s direct back from the Leem Sands to Zakart’s Emer。s. In addition, the new friend of Vanderou, the Duchess of Hadros Jahan, also promised to support and assist her.

In the world, Hadroth, the Alda believer, is the Kingdom of Orbaum, whose vida faith is also recognized. Even if he has a friendly relationship with Vanderouts, he is not blamed.

In addition, the Baron of Jahan, who he cures, is not very good with the Baron of Saulon, whose vida faith is strong, and is geographically away. By supporting Elizabeth, there are almost no利益s that can be received because the relationship with the current Duke of Saulon becomes worse.

“I think it’s a chance to make your business with a low risk.” Oh, of course, she doesn’t need to follow it, saying that I will continue the Alda believer for a while.”

It is. ...... Thanks to him, the dear work of the Arkurem suddenly decreased.

As a result, Elizabeth succeeded in securing a position in a noble society even away from the eaves of the Leem Sands. It is only revenge.

"I'm bad, but I want to work with revenge because I can only think about the kicking I'm going to strike. ...... I just want to do it just by hitting a single shot, but I don't think it's just if I had been handing out to Maheria and my mother."

"Happy." However, if you do a bloody smell, you may have a bad rumor to Elizabeth, so let’s go with a plan that does not flow as much blood as possible.”

As Vandalou said, Elizabeth threatened by the weaknesses of the leem sand, or lost the authority of the leem sand by the power of the leem d'Orchestra or the d'Orchestra of the Jahan.

However, Vandalou is a brainwashing the Count who was defeated by Elizabeth. And in combination with the Duchess of Hadros Jahan and the Duchess of Alcrem, and Dalcia, he explains what the Count is in terms of.

The Prime Minister of Lime Sands visited a medical facility for the treatment of Drassé sudden illness. A beautiful man inherited the family and became a new arcade.

And the Count Drazze Liem Sands, except that he was struck by Elizabeth, had no drops of blood, and he entered the 院。try.

He came up with a dream that is good for him when he sleeps, and he came up with it. And when I 。 up and return to reality, I thought it was a dream.

“... I thought it was more cruel than I imagined. There is no blood odor.

“Do you have a little more time?”

“Please stop it because it will mean to mix and intervene with fatal poison in the diet of the man at the right time.”

“I don’t have any other phrases, but I just said my impressions! Well, you’re angry with your guys!”

Yes. Only the skin of the previously peeled face is left on the spot and abducted.

Of course, Vanderou shouldn’t have a good feeling on Drasse Ream Sand.

The Count of Lime Sand is not intact. The chief man who was originally a trajectory was passed down, but Vandalu was聞d by his father’s ugly, and he was睨ed by the Baron Jahan and the Duchess of Arcムm.

Not all other aristocrats know, but it will take a distance from the Countess, so the Newcomer must operate the Lime Sand Counter in a state of isolation.

And Dolasse is not a dream. A few years later, when the man became an arcade, his current system was stable and he was unable to return to the original, he has been working to return to his trueness. His surprisingness, a , and feeling of loss and despair will be so big that he will destroy his heart.

And if you are not able to endure reality, you will return to the day you dream happy, and then repeat the same thing a few years later.

In addition, Drassé himself and his eldest son are telling how to regain Drassé more quickly and positively. That’s the only thing that “Drazze and a strong bond point out what’s real in dreams.”

It is good if someone goes to theゼ of Dlasse and teaches “This is reality.” However, someone is a person tied with Dlasse and strong bonds. She must be a lover, wife, and a friend of the heart throughout her life.

And the eldest son did not try again.

That’s why the despair of Dolasse will be deeper when it comes to caution. I know that the person who refused to help when he fell into a cramped place is not らed to the family.

“Beyond that, Vandaloo has to say to you, but she promises to treat her mother in a week.”

Elizabeth served hand to包む the head of Vandalou from the left and right. If the story is, the next deployment is ing.

However, when Elizabeth rounded his hand and made a fist, he pushed him over and over.

"I'm doing well, but I'm not cured!? That's why it's fixed to my mother's husband!?"

“I’m sorry, but this result is not intended.”

Amelia, who has noticed the screaming of Elizabeth, looks at the face from the sam loader and makes an amazing face.

“Well, Elizabeth and Vandalou have a parent-child嘩rrel! What should you do? What should you do with Maheria and suddenly rebellion?”

"I'm okay, my wife.嬢ry is only a lady, and Vandaloo doesn't hurt at all."

"No, I think I feel pain, but it is like a合い合い for my bo-chan."

That’s right? Well, it’s not a parent-child brawl, but a child is sweetened by Vandaloo. I was lonely when I eld it.

Amelia called Vandaloo, which is recognized as her husband, and smiled.

So now she recognizes Vandalou as her husband. Previously, he misunderstood a man close to him as “ideal husband”.

Although it may seem that it doesn’t change much, now Amelia no longer recognizes men other than Vandalou as their own husband. Even if her husband is in front of her, she will not recognize her husband.

Amelia Saulon believes that Vandalou is his husband.

"The treatment is done in order, and there is no risk that the new drug is prepared...I can not solve it."

“It’s not because it’s like a mother!”

It may be. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.

“What’s new?”

I don’t know whether Amelia recovers from the current state. Brain function is recovering. It is fatal that the cause is not the spirit, but the drug ... it is the thing that continued to take for a long time.

The mir  probability, but the memory may go back to normal. However, the possibility of fixing in this state is overwhelmingly high.

"... Well, I'm thankful that my mother will be 。ped here if you didn't move. I can't convince you to become a father.

So, I will explain the two names of “Vandalu’s Guardian” and “Daughter of the Great Devil”?

“I looked up yesterday, but God named Vandalou didn’t exist including evil gods.” And I can’t tell you that you will explain from your mouth even if you ask Paulina.

So please explain it from your mouth.

The same name as the boy of the party member, i.e., the advocacy from the presence of a genius, and two names. About it, Elizabeth and Maheria examined the extent that they can do, but it was only possible to know nothing.

Let’s explain the way. But Elizabeth, think about how to explain to Zonas that will be tomorrow.”

“Oh, I know.”

ザzabeth, who has been silenced by the members of the Zonas Party, had a strong economic suffering from the hospitalization of Ameria and the Count of Lime Sands, but it was no longer explained if the situation grows.

Her back shield should be the back shield of Elizabeth Saulon, and her back shield is graded up to the Honorary Counter and the Duke. This is not rumored.

......In fact, the moving destination is Silky Zaccato Mansion. The reason is that the Count of Lime Sands and other aristocrats have hired and sent the assassin.

The goal of the assassin was Vandalu, and the moment he encountered him, he had a knee, so there was no actual harm. However, there are some people who were caught in Legion aiming for Amelia and Elizabeth.

So I’m worried about living in the villa of the Duchess of Jahan, so Elizabeth was moving to Silky Zaccart Mansion with higher security and sacrifice than the Royal Palace in Orbaum.

“Where can I talk to?”

It is okay to talk to Zona all. I think that it is better to make secrets to the masters of MACTO, but it is not yet. However, if the time comes, please say "speak"

"...I know what Zona is. I thought it was gentle to see us.

"Moreover, it seems that the description to the MACTO is a drama or something serif. And it’s a way to die before explaining.

“Yes, I’m going to leave the story so far.”

Dalcia, who descended from the ship, urged the departure of the talked Vandaloos.

“Yes, Mother”

"Elysabス and Maheria will ride soon. Let’s go with Sam’s loading platform.

"I'm"

By the way, Amelia is already known as Dalcia, but it is not happening. The marriage war is not erected.

At that time, the royal palace had an intense theory.

“I don’t think it’s so good, I’m going to get it!”

"Dolmad military service Sir, I can enter the heat, but I think the meeting should be quietly?"

A meeting held in front of the King. Originally, it was a meeting to demonstrate the leadership of the King, and to enhance its authority, but now it was a semi-formed会議. Choosing is often a物gurine, and all the agenda given by the predecessors are discussed in a meeting and concluded.

The only exception is the strategy for the Amid Empire. In the war against the empire, it is dangerous if you do not apply the power of the kingdom of Orbaum. ............ is the kingdom of Orbaum, which has been国 in multiple countries to counter the Amid Empire.

It was not possible when the Duchess of Saulon was attacked and occupied by the Amid Empire, such as Terkatanis and Dolmad military service representatives.

If you have any questions, Mr. Terkatanis proposed a policy that has not yet been the previous generation.

"[Deびs of the King] to make a samurai by taking the material, and distribute it to the shogun, etc. ... too dangerous! What if the [De片s of the King] ran out!?? The country can not die!"

As Dolmad’s military serviced, Terkatanis devised a policy of mass-pro  samurai made of “the Witch of the King” and 装備 it to the shogun.

“Fum... I don’t have a sense of understanding.” I’m ready to do so.

Terkatanis said, “Ramda” is an unbelievable 挙ence from the world’s human society.

[The 片 of the King] is a thing that should be kept strictly and maintained rather than using it. If you run out once, you will be paraded to humans and take on the body, and even if you are defeated several times, you will continue to 暴. until sealed. In addition, the strength is not more than the A-class adventurer.

There is also a thing called "the armor of the King" that processed the "the 片 of the King" to the weapon. However, the dress is not complimented. At least, it is good that you have the power to match the legendary magic item of Orihalcon. However, because it is a samurai, if the sealed part is damaged by the spur of something, the seal may be unlocked and the owner of the samurai may get stuck on the body.

In the first place, the image is very bad at the time of using [Making's missing piece]. If you are not known to exist in the table society, such as a member of the "Wicked Twelve Swords".

However, it is not a shy thing such as putting it up to the general public who is the presence of the table. The people will fear, repel, and condemn the priests of the horrible samurai.

Now, the ex。s of Alda believers who are aimed at the enemy of the Duchess of Alcrem can be enough to turn the enemy.

It is a policy that is not able to divide the country of force up.

“How much is it?”

“Is it too much to look ahead?”

"The Amid Empire will not be attacked yet, and you will not be able to think about it."

There are no other nobles except the Dolmad Army. The vice presidents who are attending as representatives of the Duchess, and the Duchess of Hadros Jahan, who are attending, sometimes because they were staying at Orbaum.

(By the knowledge given by the Lord, Vandaloo Zakart has taken a number of [the missing of the king], and I know that [the missing of the king] is used as a material, I think that it is worth a loss. Otherwise, I must have agreed with them.  

In the case of Vandaloo, it is used as a material for V-creams, bradposions, and variants, which are a d  boom among the nobles of Orbaum, not arms.

It is not a true story, such as using the maze of the King for hair and idols.

However, in their case, it may be recognized that the part of Vanderou is made of the material rather than using the [Witch King's Flaw].

It seems that you can't convince others. How is the Maje  of the King?

"Yes, too? ... I don't think that this dedication is good.  

In the Duke of the Duke of Cobbit, which was selected for political reasons, was surprisingly asked for opinions, but it was a very common sense decision.

Of course, Terkatanis does not know that he agrees to unconditionally. In the first place, this proposal is only for the理由ouflage of the reason why he wasを集め [Witch King's Flaws] and [Bearings]. It is not accepted, and it is not possible to fail.

However, the effectiveness of this as a camouflage is greater if the proposal is accepted, so it is persistent.

"Now, let me have you all take a look at this sword and shield for the last time."

When Terkatanis said that, the knight who was standing by held up his sword and shield so that the nobles could easily see them.

“Is that true…!?”

"Yes, it's a prototype of a weapon made using [Demon King's equipment]."

In reality, Telkatanis had already prepared the weapons that were made using materials provided by Rokudou, who had created a body using the [Demon King's Fragment].

The next episode will be posted on October 11th, five days later.

Also, the 6th volume of the book version of my work is scheduled to be released by Hifumi Shobo on October 25th! I hope you will enjoy the book version of Vandalieu's activities as he invades human society...

The comic version has been posted on Nico Nico Seiga and Comic Walker! Please take a look if you like.