Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Chronology End of revenge, endless work

Updated during April

The speech was held at a time when it was impossible. It is not an important event in Japan, but there were meetings, meetings, and military exercises with other countries. Sergey, the President of the Republic of Korea, opened a press conference and started a speech to the world.

"Everyone who listens to me" We want to tell you. God is fighting now!

President Sergey said, “God” is the only one of the world’s four major religions, Vandaloo, who recently joined the world.

He was known to the humanity of the world in various names, such as the guardian of the world, the alien, the presence of huge bubbles, the person who screams with a dream, the one who sn。s behind him.

The appearance of the descending is still spreading on the video site, and those who watched it are added to the followers.

God is great. But at the same time there is only God. God is tolerance and we expect.

I hope that I will stand up even if I fall down, and I believe that I will go to the right path even if I commit a mistake.

That’s why God sn s when we fold our knees, and when we are lost, we sn  up with them, and we push our back. God is not our Lord, we are not God’s slave”

Sergey speaks to the interpretation of Vanderou. In Vandaloo, where there is no role called prophet or saint in other religions, only God appeared directly, the believers need to interpret that teaching.

And the details of each believer differ depending on the content of “夢ue with God in Dream”. However, the part of Sergey is often common.

“And our neighbor God is fighting this moment.”

“What is the president?

“Where is there a dangerous existence like Rokudo St.?”

Is God fighting to prevent it?

A comment has been posted on the video site where the reporter sends a question to us.

It’s not impossible. Sergey said, “God is fighting” was a shocking word for people.

“There are more people than me to answer your questions. Mr. Rain Palace

However, Sergey did not answer the question of the reporter himself, and instead, the 、brities who know the presser and the video audience appeared.

“Are you in the rainy season?”

“[Ombar] ... After that incident, he will appear in such an official stage”

It was a leader of [Bevers], Hiroto Azumimiya.

Previously, I was praised as a global  , but I was not aware of the unmanned death attribute research that was backed by the big incident of the six-way holy of [Aberon], which was the main part of [Bevers], and the voice of his responsibilities was strong, and the fame was still。.

However, it was more important to say that the presidents, government officials, and intelligence organizations of each country who cooperated with Rokudo-san are responsible, and it was not prevented yet, but I was committed to [Hibberts] other than those who fall back to Rokudo-san.

Of course, it is also great that the President Sergey defended them and his children have been adored by Vanderou.

For those who believe in Vandalou, Hiroto Azumimiya is a father of exposition and dwelling, and other people who are close to God.

People who do not believe in Vanderou were naturally thinking of avoiding the world that would be angry when he saw the video when he was descended. It is not a problem whether Vandaloo is angry actually. It is a problem whether people think they will be angry with Vanderou.

"It is Hiroto Izumimiya who gave to the introduction. Today, I had to confess with you and made time to the president.

I’m not, I’m the one who was reborn from the same world.

』

"Reincarnation ... Is it true? !? Can you prove magically?

The existence of the soul has been proven conceptually in the world of origin, which is developing not only science but also magic. Even if the specimen of the soul exists, it is not clear whether the soul is in the place of the human body, but the soul is believed to be true because it is magical because there is no soul.

Compared to Rumda, it is overwhelmingly a few, but the presence of undeads such as ghosts and z。es has also been confirmed.

However, there are no魂s who have seen the existence of the world after death and the presence of the predecessors and the coming.

The words of Hiroto Izumimiya were shocked by the people of the world.

There is no certificate. It is possible that we testify the past world, but if you say that it would be just aligned.

I just swear to God that this word is true.”

I thought that I would be annoying even if I was swearing. No matter how many faces you face.

However, the reporter and the person who watched the broadcast live video felt the power to the words of Azumimiya.

The reason why we have a strong power and a special ability called a gift that is different from the magic that only members have. And God Vanderou, who has a very high sociality, who understands people and shopping with cards, suddenly emerges and protects the children of Kannon.

In order to determine the relationship between these specialities and both parties, it was easier to understand that they think that the unknown area is related to them, such as the different world and the former world.

It is a story that Vandalou is the original human being, even if he believes that he or she only sees the 球 of the huge eyeballs and手生s, he or she can be convinced for him or her dream. ......I would like to say that the person is not the original.

“But what is the relationship between President Sergey’s speech?”

“It’s not the world where God is fighting Vanderou, but it’s a different world.”

Hiroto Izumimiya, of course, has not been accepted from Vanderou. I don’t have a dream. However, there was an explanation of the situation of the bander that is inherent in the spirit of the daughter who evacuated from the ラム lambda to the origin. I know what is happening in Rumda.

“Is it a different world? Is it a fight against the life of our world?”

"No." Not directly involved. There will be no direct harm to the people of this world.

A few people were relieved in the description of Azumimiya. There are many people who have been suffering from the darkness of the society and the confusion of the society, which has been revealed in the case, yet new to memory. This big incident will not happen in this century anymore.

"But if Vandalou is negative, we can lose the close neighbor. The warmth of the room will disappear.

However, when I went to the shrine, it was relieved and loose air again.

Vandalou has been adhering to the people of the world. It’s not a direct assistance that can be expressed by numbers as the President of Sergey says, it’s not a 。cy time-consuming, but a helper that pushes the back. That’s why I don’t know what happens when I lose it.

Then, I was lonely.

“What should we do if we know it? What can we do for him?”

That’s the reporter of the newspaper that started after the Aberon incident. It is not the only government to lose trust from the people. A major mass media, which was discovered that he had cooperated with St. Rokudō, was also condemned.

The journalism is said to have fallen on the ground, and the視聴 has left away, and the viewer and the subscriber has drastically reduced. A new newspaper and news delivery company was launched by people who have a desire to do so, or those who have seen business opportunities in the situation where major media is negligible. This reporter is one of them.

So he had a sense of benefit to Vanderou.

There is no philanthropic or madness that can be thrown away from life for Vandaloo, and there is no blood and power to hope to take your weapons and participate in the fight.

I think there is no way to do it, and I feel the righteousness to ask.

Let's pray Our magecraft, weapons, and power are not delivered in a different world. However, our support should reach him as we reach his support.

Everyone, 5 minutes. Prayer for him

Vanderou se。ated the soul of the piece every time the Holy Sword that Heinz shakes. And each time the separated soul is sealed, the magical force is sharpened. That’s why the magical power decreased by sealed part of the soul is not recovered unlike the magical power consumed by activating magic and martial arts.

So, if you sharpen the soul of Vandalou, Heinz...Alda should be able to win him.

"It's not so bad! I'm sorry, my soul increases!?"

However, the soul of Vandalou was not reduced even if the honey sealed a piece of his soul. No, we continue to increase the size at a pace that exceeds the seal.

“Is the Spirit of God?”

“Do you see that?”

The state of Vandalou is said to be "good" while cutting the soul. When the soul of God of the wicked God or Alda forces is  ed, it is better to tune in as much as it is absorbed by the soul of Gudulanis.

There is no bias of something that const tes the soul, and there is a sense of成長 and growing. It is because Vanderou himself is directly large, because it is changing the foreign matter to a part of itself by魂 the soul.

“I was God than I had before and I was aware of it.” That’s it.

God is committed to the prayer of people. So, if the number of people to pray increases, it increases the presence and grows strongly.

“I can’t believe that it’s not true... the size of the soul is still obese... it’s going to be huge! It’s beyond the magical King Gudulanis who have passed the millions. Where are you?

Alda irritates and conf。s the answers of Vandaloo without consuming consumables, but Heinz does not disturb the sword muscles and does not loose the attack.

"In a different world, a good neighbor is about a billion people"

However, because the soul of Vanderou continues to grow, the [Pile of Law] in the holy sword was no longer a threat to him.

"Is it a different world?"

It is not impossible to be surprised by the heinz and Alda descending to him. However, the faith of people does not exceed the barriers that can separate the world.

If there is a person who believes God in a different world, the faith remains in the world of the believer without reaching to another world.

In the world, the same name as the god is born.

But Vandalou is an exception. “Vandalu”, a part of the god of origin, born in the world of “Origin”, is a part of the soul of Vandalu, not the same name and form. It is still connected.

For this reason, the prayers of the people of the world that exceeded the total population of the world of "Ramda" ... The support was delivered to the Vanderou, the god of "Origin".

In other words, as a result of the protection of [Aberon] from the sixth rite, Vanderou is the god of the "Ramda" world and is also the god of the "Origin" world.

“It’s the same as Gudulanis!”

Heinz, a descendant of Alda, seems to be the same as Gudulanis, who appeared to invade the world of lambda.

"It's tooじing"

It was a regret to be the same as Vandaloo to help friends from the world of origin. He may not be able to do it because he does not know the detailed situation, but he does not teach the righteousness.

"What do you say to the people of the different world? "

Even if you continue to sharpen from the edge, you can't win anymore. I thought. Heinz packs the swords from the top.

Vandalou received the blade with multiple arms and  s. The holy swords of the sword of the sword of the sword of the sword of the swords are cut. It is going to seal the majority of the soul without giving the gap to separate it at the end. Let's twist the holy sword with full force.

“The Holy Sword in front of you suddenly became hard to avoid.”

Vandalou opens his mouth with a sense of crisis, even though he sees his goal. If you are pregnant, the effect of the [Pile of law] put in the holy sword was weakened.

?」

If you cut it until it was sealed immediately, but the soul of the part in the tactile or arm was not sealed yet. Vandalu continued to be aハ honey.

"[Hしd sensing: Death], because it is no longer responding"

Vanderou, whose side as the world's God has become stronger, has become out of the effect of Alda's [Pile of Law], which is only the world's God.

The blade of the saint sword is countless in the arms of the saint sword until the midst of the saint sword is cut out of the vandalu, and the saint sword is腕ed like another物ature, and the movement is enclosed.

"He! [Shinejin Light Shield]!"

It was a honey that triggered the defense magic.

"[S】 of Death]"

It was not enough to take the magic of Vandaloo's desperate kill at a close distance. However, a man withstands the two pillars of God. Don't skip this shot alone.

......

However, this time I did not get injured. Heinz, who received the deepness of Vandalu's magic, was bound by the Holy Sword at a close distance, lost its vitality.

The cells are necrosis and blood  are broken, and the blood full of internal organs is full of mouth. The power of Alda, which is the God of Justice, is to restore vitality, but it does not work.

And, of course, the attack of Vanderlus is not the end.

】

As it is, aim for the arms of the restrained honey, stretching the [the tongue of the King]. I'm going to crush his arms and take a holy sword.

"[Hosei]! [Shine life]!"

He tries to escape and exert the limits of physical ability to improve muscle strength in the upper skill of [Limit transcendence].

】

However, Vandaloo was the biggest threat [Pile of law], but it was not going to miss the honey. Implementing the upper skills of the limit transcendental, and at the moment the physical ability to exceed the bellwood of the semi-larged God and Alda, which is the Great God.

っ

As a result, he fell behind with a slight voice. There was no holy sword in both arms, and it was gone from the wrist of the right arm.

“Gaffadoghan”

!」

And Vandalou throwed a saint sword in front of the [transition gate] where Gwhadghan was put out without rushing the stinging to the wings.

[Transition gate] is one of the worlds in the body of Vanderou, and the countless daemons are。est. The saint swords that they have been sent are sealed by the swords of the swords. Of course, it is not a place where Gods of Alda force can intervene.

"I'm so happy!"

In the meantime, the honey could only stand up. I lost the greatest weapon of Bellwood's saint sword, and I could not know the damage that I received because it was cut from the wrist of the gain arm to the tip.

Therefore, it is resonating that I lost my life force greatly in the [Plutody Flash] that I received. It is difficult to recover heavy injury in different places at the same time in Alda.

Heinz's body is a condition that bears the load of two pillars of God. Until then, I was able to withstand the body and mental power of the honey pulled up by the descending, but once the balance tilt is reversed, it is difficult to stop it.

"Oh, it stops."

It was a large amount of greed blood that Vandalu chose as a means of止めing stops against such honey. It was impossible to get off Berwood and Arda in perfect condition, but now I lost my saint sword and left the hole on my stomach. Now, you can feed yourself from scratches to meaty microorganisms, so you can kill them from the body.

In this way, there is a possibility that it can be a existence that only manages optical attributes by cutting the personality etc. by processing the soul of Alda, which is descended into the body of Heinz. At least, it is much more than blowing with [inter  breakdown].

"Oh, it's!? I'm not!? I'm sorry..."

It was an instantaneous delay to respond to the dark light from the honeys.

“Here!”

If you miss it, you can shoot the trekking made with [the corner of the Devil] in a  ry and try to beat the souls of Alda and Bellwood.

It was because the feeling that I 魂ed the soul was small. Glare light flees out of the gods through the valley of the Milg shield country where Vandalou was intact.

At the same time, the remaining honey is sw ed, but I can't feel anything from it.

“Do you love the soul? Was it true? Have you ever had Bellwood and Alda? Have you ever lived yet?”

In order to be able to defeat themselves, Vandalou understands how much the Aldas did, and was surprised. However, I quickly saw what they are going to do.

I’m going to take out the soul of the bleached honey before being destroyed in Vanderou, and then reborn him again on the ground using Lodcorte to divide it.

The power of the gods and their believers who have lost their sacrifice to the Holy War when it can be realized or can not be determined, and the sacrifice of the Berwood collected by Vandalu is not re。able ... The eyes of the reversal are significantly lower.

Rather, it is normal to use the Lodcorte reincarnation system to rebirth and escape. However, Vandaloo is convinced that there is no one who makes such a mir、.

However, when I thought how to chase, the space in front of Vanderou distorted and [transition gate] opened.

"It was very good. “Let’s go to the Gods that Alda has done because they finish their preparations.”

There was a lion with four heads behind the gate.

Alda rushed to the Gods of Lodgorte to forget the走iliation of the defeat. As Vandaloo predicted that he was trying to do, he was reborn. I didn’t have any other hand if he continued to scratch.

However, as a result, Alda has been chased more, as a result of a魂 from the body to kill the soul of the dinosaur that he gave the protection.

"If there is no rush, there is no Bellwood!"

When he pulled out his soul from the body of Heinz, he was blown by Vandalu, and he was blown by the bellwood eavested his soul.

“I’m more than...............in...”

The spirit of Bellwood, who kept the soul of Heinz from Vandaloo’s attack, reached the limit. It gradually spreads through the whole body. It is still in shape, but it is difficult to break down because it is something of the luminous particle.

『…………』

The state of the soul of honey is also bad. Thinking is stopped by shocks caused by Alda to force the soul from the body. It was completely deta。 from the body rather than [ghost release], so it is impossible to do this because it was killed.

Mix and reconstruct the bellwood soul fragments into the soul of this honey in Rodo Corte and reborn. Alda thought that there was no way to help them.

Rodcorte created the soul of the four魂s of Zakart, crushed by Gudulanis. Alda thought that the same thing should be done with honeys and bellwood.

If Rodo Corte squeezed his mouth, he would have sweared Alda. This is because it was only a piece of the soul of the human being, including the brave. It is completely different to reconstruction to one soul by transplanting the fragments of the soul of the semi-daishin to the soul of the unbroken human being.

Even if it is quite modest, it is different to connect different parts from multiple rose corpses to create a human body for one person, and it is different to transplant the organs and肢mbs of adult men to red children with five bodies.

However, there was no hand left for the monitoring.

“A long time, Alda was a brother and brother”

"Zulwarn!? You are here!?"

It was Zurwan, the God of Space and Creation. He looked back at Alda with mercy on the eight eyes, without saying anything to what he was called.

Alda did not notice. He had so many gods that Zurwan had to hide and enter into the gods, but he was not already working.

If you expect it, it is important that only Zulwarn did not do it, while Rikula seals the gods of the Vida family and the remnants of the Magnolia army with their own use?

"And then, I was my brother and my brother.

The zulwarn  left behind was a black dow. So at the next moment Alda thought, the black。dow... Vandaloo was huge and overwhelmed him.

“Val, Vanderloo!? Well, wait! I don’t mind my soul, but only Bellwood and Bellwood......!”

The fear and despair that far exceeded a  and pride shouted Alda.

The ideal of Alda has continued to push forward for more than ten thousand years, but the dream has ended. There is no sacrifice of the people who have been scattered before.

Who leads to what can be lost if Bellwood is destroyed? Who purifies the dirt of this world and returns to a beautiful, beautiful figure that does not exist. So, even if Bellwood is no longer in full condition, it must remain in the future even if it is a form that blends into the soul of Heinz! For the future!

"[S】】 of S】ation]"

In ignoring Arda, Vandalou killed the souls of Berwood and Heinz with his soul filled with the magic of the dead attribute.

The 鉤 claws of the soul of Vanderou are subtracted by the horns, cut into pieces with  s,結晶bed crystals, crushed by the 牙s and the souls of the bellwood, and processed by the alda.

“It’s a good move... maybe?”

Thanks to the slight adjustment of polishing repeatedly with sies, Vandalu finished processing Alda. It was the Alda that was ideal, self and感情s.

『…………』

Zulwarn saw it is enough. Take a breath away with four mouths.

“Alda, who was my brother and my brother, is not mercy.” It is a business that thou should be behind, and it is a symbol of our power and power.

There may be tens and millions of years ahead of time again. However, even if such a mir  occurs, it does not mean the resurrection of thy. You will die while you live because you are not you.

Then, Zurwan sent the Alda to the place. Perhaps it is the God of Alda.

“Now, it’s not possible to manage luminous attributes, but it should be possible to manage them.” A fine correction will be done by God of the remaining Arda and light attributes.

"I want to do it."

Vandaloo, who became God, did not know about the maintenance and management of attributes. Some of them are the gods of the "Origin" world, but there are many types of attributes in "Origin" and "Ramda".

There may be a different way of maintaining and managing attributes in the “God of Origins” and the “God of Rumda” which are independent.

“Isn’t it possible to destroy it?”

"Oh, it's a little more, it's okay!"

"It suddenly changes the tone."

"We are off soon!"

"...You can give the cola to the temple later."

After hitting the [Pile of the Law], Lodcorte was monitored as a condition of several steps before completely sealed.

Not only does it work, but also can not express words. It is completely sealed and slaughtered, as it seems that the consciousness is muddy.

I could only see the surroundings. However, Rod Corte believed that he should be freed in a distant future.

He is the God who controls the rebirth of the world, including Ramda. It should be not that the gods of other worlds are silent if they are obstructed by other worlds. Alda will also avoid conflicting with other worlds.

When Alda wins Vandalou, he died, and the undead is purified, and the number of new species of Vida is greatly reduced. Therefore, he may not be the God of the world of "Ramda" and may not be removed from the subject of "Pile of Law".

On the other hand, even if Alda is lost and destroyed, it will be a chance to escape if the effect of [Pile of the Law] is weak, and to ask for help in any foreign world that he is responsible for regeneration.

It was Rodo Corte, but I didn’t think that my subordinate would help me. In the first place, there is no power to teach them the gods of the Great God.

But at the same time, I thought that I could not do anything in him or her.

"Yoshi! It fits somehow! It can separate the regeneration system for each world!"

I had no idea that I could remodel the Lodcorte wheel regeneration system, which was managed by multiple systems, so that they can be managed separately by different systems.

"Zulwarn, the Gods of the World"

In response to the word of the spring, when Zurwan sends a diagram, the gods of the different world who managed the regeneration of the lodcorte opened the door.

It was unpredictable for him when Zurwan worked with the泉. I had never noticed that I was able to remember the crisis that I could not be able to do so even if it was difficult to understand them because I tried to separate the "Earth" and "Origin" from the reincarnation system.

The gods of different worlds who receive the regeneration system divided by each world. Zulwarn is an intermediary of the proposals of springs. God who can interfere with another world in the current lambda is not sure because it is about Zulwarn except Rodo Corte.

It was unexpected to Rodocolte that the gods of the different world intermediated the proposal that Zurwan.

However, it was a choice that could be enough for the gods of different worlds.

Rodocolte tried to cut off the earth and origin for self-retainment. It is not possible to say that it is not for many worlds because it maintains a regeneration system that controls the operation of multi-world regeneration.

However, it means that there is a possibility that "If there is a fault in the operation of the reincarnation system in any world, it can be abandoned by yourself."

And Rodo Corte was not trusted or credible as he could wipe his doubt. He is not only affiliated with Ramda or Origin. I was in contact with all the world.

There are no friends in the real sense in Rodo Corte. He was only aware that he was a friend.

Rodo Corte did not remember dissatisfaction due to unreliable relationships, but God did not. However, the weakness of the position where the reincarnation was held until that, the fear of accidents and malfunctions caused by establishing a system that controls the reincarnation independently was greater than the dissatisfaction of him, so the surface was calm.

However, if you know that there is a risk of being disconnected from the regeneration system suddenly a day without being disturbed in advance, it is not possible to cause some accidents or problems.

Zulwarn teaches the gods of different worlds. When he was intermediated, the use of Lodo Corte, Izumida gained the credibility of the gods of different worlds.

However, Lodcorte is not able to move with the effect of "Pile of Law". However, I was surprised that the gods of different worlds were limited to me, and I saw the eyes instead of screaming if they were.

“Rod Corte... I am grateful for giving me the second life.”

In addition, Yukiya Marufuji, who was the division of the reincarnation system, told him that he was away from Rodo Corte with other people.

(I'm waiting, I'm away from me!? It's okay...!!)

The supply of energy that has been the source of their own energy instead of the prayers of the believers has also been added to Lodo Corte. It means that the regeneration system is completely off.

That is, it is that there is no inconvenience even if he does not exist anymore.

“This is the first time in a decade”

When I noticed it, Vandalou was in the vicinity of Rodo Corte.

I wanted to lose it, but I thought it was impossible because I was also responsible for the revitalization of the world other than "Ramda". However, in the state where all such obstacles are removed, Rodo Corte is rolling.

Wonderful surprise for Vandaloo.

“Well, wait, stop, destroy me, if you have lost me!”

Rodo Corte said, whether Vandalou had destroyed Alda or the number of Arda believers on the ground decreased drastically in a short time.

However, since it is a性質 of the nature of "刑on punishment", "Pile of law" is completely disappeared so that even if the judge died does not become invalid.

For this reason, it seems that it is impossible to move by using a number of "legs of law".

“What if you destroy?”

Vanderou increases and converges the 域mble that cannot be destroyed while approaching slowly. In his question, Rodo Corte shouted.

“This is what we do now, and now we will give you all the enthusiasm and magic, both fortune and fortune! That’s why.”

】

It was the first word for Rodo Corte. The blade of the dead attribute that Vandalou shakes was crushed and destroyed by the stinged "Pile of the Law".

The clear sound of the glass shredded, and Vandalou remembered the taste and texture that is difficult to express. It’s unpleasant and delicious. However, only the taste is sure after deep satisfaction and refreshing.

“Now, I want to 魂 human souls, crush them, and have to do it.”

If there is no rodocorte, the opponent who killed is not revived. “Origin” is a subtle way to see what is still alive in the world, but it doesn’t matter because they aren’t fighting anymore.

However, since the recycle system is divided by the world, it may not be regenerated into a different world.

“What do you do?”

。 What is your future?

The subturbation that we talked about asked the treatment of the remaining six-way holy, but Vandalou was not interested in him. The sixth road is destroyed, and there is no rodocolte.

It was the future of subturbation. It is not a draft.

“We are working in the future.” If it is this divinity, “Ramda” has a revitalization system for living organisms other than the new species of Vida in the world, so I think that it will not disappear even after Lodcorte is destroyed.”

They have a job to help maintain and manage the regeneration system in the future.

It will take hundreds of years to get used to the new system. The time sense of God is long. It’s a year that you feel like you are distant to the people who are still feeling human.

Then, if God is the Lord, then disappear. Like the goddess of Sizaran, which was once existed. However, since there is a “Ramda” world revitalization system in the gods of this Lodcorte, the gods are maintained because it acts as an alternative to God.

How will the Lodcorte regeneration system be integrated with the Vida-style?

"Is it? ... I think that this world's revitalization will change variously from now on, so thank you.

Let’s go back to Zurwan. ......

However, when Vandaloo turned to his eyes, he saw the 片 of the soul in the corner of the gods of Lodgorte.

“Where is it? Is it a piece of the soul of Heinz?”

The bellwood eaves again when crushed, or the fragment of the soul of honey was built.流れing the shining particle into the air, the outer part of the Gods: the universe of the “Ramda” world, the other world, the world and the world.

Vandaloo tried to release the magic, but remembered the nausea.

Until then, I remembered that I was exhilarating to感 the soul of the enemy, but suddenly it was impossible. I thought it would be interesting, but the answer came out immediately.

I want to do it.

Since there is no rodocollete, honey is absolutely not reborn as "hinetz". In the unlikely event, even if the probability of less than one trillion is transferred, it is reborn as a totally different existence, without inheriting the memories and personality of the past. I don’t know whether it is human, animal, plant or虫.

Even if some mir s occur and inherit the memories and personality of the past, power is not inherited. Alda, his obedience, and Berwood, who had given the protection, were destroyed, and the advocacy that he received in the past, became impossible to bring to the next generation.

The most likely is extinguished.

So you need to eat. If necessary, I do not want to make the soul of the enemy part of myself.

Let’s go home. It is a pile of things that must be done.

The Holy War that Alda stood by the extinction of Alda and ended the revenge of Vanderou.

However, the Emperor of the Vidal Magic Empire, and the work of Vandaloo, God, was not ending even if there was a lot of trouble.

[God: God of the Night], [God: Revival God of the Wheels] won!

[God: Light God] was not able to win because it was not compatible!

After that, we will post a daily talk (after the war, the future of Amid and Orbaum) and a daily talk of Vandaloos (such as going to the universe of the lambda world).

The character introduction is ...... It is self-sufficient, but the time was too free, so I think that it will be able to read and post it.