Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Four hundred and two stories

Sorry.

Vandalou transforms his soul into a horrible form of armor with lacquer black from the appearance of a small boy.

"[Real], [Serial]!"

Heinz振ed the sword at high speed and released the slasher.

Heinz was also noticed, though he was weakened against the holy swords of his own. So, I thought that Vandalou is also effective, but I tried it.

"... I can say that it is effective for my soul. That is the holy sword."

“Oh, it’s like that.”

Damage received by Vandalou by the attack of the Heinz was kept by the armor of the soul, and it was only a trauma.

The sword of the bellwood that he has was trained to defeat Gudulanis. And Gudulanis, unlike Vandalou, did not give out the soul from the body.

“But you should be able to beat it!”

"It's an empty theory on the desk"

Vandalou himself, even if you are undeathed, is not known to be undeathable. Theoretically, I don’t neglect to die. However, I have prepared it so that I can not die.

And I was convinced that I could win the "five-colored blade" so I was fighting.

However, it is the same as "five-colored blade".

"[Brilliance]!"

At the same time, the magical power of the optical attribute and the life attribute is given to the Vanderu's dead attributes and the magical effect is striking.

I know that there is a difference of witch king in Vanderou. And now, I know that the head of the body is sudden. I know that I can defeat the contents with their own arms, but I can see that the contents are countless even in places where they do not have their hands.

It seems like an invincible thing, but Vandaloo has a big weakness.

It is important to protect.

"[Transformation spirals, 弾s], [Deaven bullets]"

First of all, Vandalu will release a countless [the corner of the King of the Devil] in various orbits, and at the same time aim for Diana with the turbulence of [death bullet] from the front.

"【百輝連拳】!"

】

However, jennifer who can respond to variousで by fist enters the protection of Dianabol and defeats the magecraft of the dead attribute with the saint fist who has given [shine].

And Dianabol sings magic that always recovers his fellow physical strength.

The range of important existence, which is the weakness of Vanderou, is wide. Not only do you have friends in the Kingdom of Orbaum, but also all of the countries in this boundary.

Therefore, Vandalou never escapes from Heinz. Even if you need to escape.

Even if it is chased, it will not stop fighting even if you put in the messenger king in another place to defeat the honey. It is a fight against Arda's trial dungeon, and it is known that it is a phantom, and I try to protect Darcia in the moment.

This Alda seemed to be misunderstanding when Vandaloo saw his friends across the region when he was chased.

(The problem is that we can catch up with Vanderou.)

And remember that the biggest problem is the difference between you and Vanderou.

“But there is no more opportunity than now! And I don’t want you to go to Gudulanis! I’ll beat it here and seal it! 【Chiki blade】

I agree that there is no more opportunity than now. This time, the audience is a great opportunity.

Even Vandaloo, who cured and prevented the armor of the soul by martial arts, he judged that this battle is a favorite of him.

戦 the time of Orbaum, the battlefield was blocked by the boundary between the mountains that rise higher than the clouds. And the country where Alda can move freely is also destroyed.

It will not be escaped like the time of Orbaum, and you will not be able to adjust the situation until you come back after you escape.

Hearing what Heinz is doing is Vandaloo. There is no way to say about it. Vandaloo himself also challenged the mir  that can be accomplished with only a lot of magic, the revival of the killed Dalcia, so there is no special thought.

......other than the goal is to kill yourself.

"If Alda manages the seal, it seems to be able to revive immediately."

“I understand what I want to say.” You Saved the World

"Oh, it is troublesome to say so it is useless. I'm not happy if I'm praised you. Also, I don’t expect you to try Alda. That’s what I do after killing the front.

There is no significance of the question that I was thinking about now. Vandaloo was a fist with black flames when he shielded the word of honey.

“【Jintetsu Wall】!?”

The shield of the fist, but Vandalou did not know it. The body of Vandalou appeared from the belly of the black armor.

"Freeze! It's black!

The voice of the high woman and the voice of the man continued to release from the mouth of Vanderou, and at the same time the cool air and electric shock were released.

"Wow!? [Bringing life] is effective ... Oh, it is not effective!?"

“Why? Can Vandalou be used only for the dead and unattributed magic?”

The cold air and electric shock that Vandalou released was also lightened the effect of the Holy Sword and the Holy Shield. Heinz and Deliza were damaged without attacking, but the wound was not deepened by Vandaloo’s attack.

“Have you! It’s a ghost that is dependent on Vandaloo!”

“It’s right!”

That’s why the Levia princess, Olbia and Kimberley, whose body is in the soul of Vanderou, is moving.

Because it is undead, the magic and sword of the optics are effective, but it is not the magic of the dead attribute, so the attack force is obviously lower than Vandalu.

While the Levia princess [excessed] his physical body is the opponent of Heinz and Deliza, Vandaloo was headed to the rest of the two with a distance attack.

Unleash the number of dead bullets and [horns] and [bones] of the two, and leave the movements, and release the monastery from the eyeballs appearing in the rear head and back of the Levia princess not coming here.

“Well, ! Diana, let’s shield and release it!”

“It’s impossible!”

It is impossible. Home

Then, while the honeys are not rushed, they suppose a large amount of mucus containing neurotoxicity to the two.

“What’s it?”

Gaffado Ghan

」

Then, Gwhadghan pushed the two to the [transition gate] where the two open.

“Now, the rest is only Nine Road.”

If you disappeared [transition gate], Vandalu said that he will face the honeys and the Deliza.

Heinz’s “five-colored blades” and Vandalu started a full-fledged battle, but he also saw the “five-colored Gods” Arda in the area of God.

“I’m so excited to join Bellwood!”

“I don’t want to lose Nine Road!”

As a result, countless royal spirits descended to the ground and headed to the base of Heinz to help them through the valley of the boundary that remains open to the Milg shield.

The spirits are those who were born before each other, and they are usually prepared to be unable to cope with the people on the ground, such as when [the deficiency of the Devil] revived multiple simultaneously, or when the wicked God of the Devil's residues appeared. Once you get off the ground, you have to store more than a few hundred years until you can get off again on the ground. That’s why you can’t get off on the ground.

The Holy Spirit is not God. A person who has excellent fighting power is called the "Either Spirit" It is not directly involved in the maintenance and management of the world. Therefore, there is much less influence than God who is essential for the maintenance of the world.

In other words, the spirit is a standby force to run in an emergency in Gods. That’s why they don’t descend in wars between the nations.

In order to solve a few millions of lives lost, it is possible that a few millions of people cannot deal with death.

“It’s true for those who have been captured!”

That’s why it should be blame for the judgement that Alda has moved all the quintessential spirits that move the Heinz and the Berwood.

There is no influence on the survival of the world, even if they are destroyed by the soul in Vanderou. However, the change of the force diagram of God and man becomes decisive, and Alda force declines.

In the first place, it should be the appearance of the god of spring to move to the adorableness of the world with the brave who fell in love with me. However, there was no one pointing out it including the spirits.

Nine Road’s spirits are the main crisis that is necessary for the maintenance and management of the world.

However, there are no people standing in front of the spirits who run the sky earlier than the bird.

"Coming"

“Kックk is aック invading the territory of other countries.”

This is the ground. We have to follow our style!

When the "five-colored blade" passes, the bill of the Vidal Magic Empire, which had been killed and waited in the forest, was moved to prevent the armed forces of Alda.

“If you want to go here, you can do it.”

"You can get life as a traffic fee!"

“It’s a threat to the bandit!”

It was a group centered on the vampire and the witch family that exceeded 100 people.

"What? What is the vampire and the magician!?"

"Onore, Vida's predecessor, the heaven of the Holy Service is not!"

If the spirits were involved, noble vampire and magical people were able to kick off easily.

』

“Is such a licking attack going to us?”

However, the attack released by the Holy Spirit was prevented by a boy vampire in the appearance of a young man, and it was unpredictable.

"Now!? You are elpel!? Be careful, it's not just a vampire! The former brave army mutated by the ancestor of vampire in tens of thousands years ago ... the survival of the original vampire! "

“I’ve noticed it right now!? Let’s fight against Gudulanis!

"Dragan! No more joyful reunion, no death!"

"It's a serif of Ora! This time I'm here! It's like I'm dead before!"

The vampire was not a noble, but the original species ... It was also a vampire of the past war that was altered by Vanderou to the Fukachihara species. They are sub-myths, and they are also the residuals of the brave army fighting with the Gudulanis.

When the spirits of ancient ginseng who serve the gods of the Alda forces were still alive, they fought when they were str。ling by Berwood tens of thousands years ago.

“I’m stronger than ten thousand years ago!”

“I had been sleeping a few years ago, but I was not sure that I lost my body and became a 霊ine, but I had been studying hard!”

The original vampire who was sleeping in the bedside of Vida, but the body was completely different from the thought.

Although it was almost impossible to perceive the events outside the body, I thought and took on the magic. And it was able to utilize it for the physical training of the waking.

In contrast, the spirits are removed from the status system that loses the body. In addition, it is far from the real battle that usually waits in the gods area.

“I don’t like it! We’ve been trained by Alda and polished the skills!”

However, it is not possible to train while waiting. They are freed from the old age, so they can increase their skills as much as they like.

“It’s the same thing for you!”

“But, it’s better to have a variety of training opponents!”

However, it is also true to the Vampire of Fukachihara species. In order to prove it, both the original vampire and the wizards standing in front of the spirits continue to fight them one step ahead.

Play the swords that the spirits shake with the swords, and ex  the powerful magecraft with the first swords that we gained in the body.

“Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

In addition to the sucバスent sucバス that shakes the tail like a whip, they were sleeping to maintain the junction in the Vidah temple called the "sleeping place of Vida".

In other words, those who have reached the subdivision of the same as the original vampire while living. It is natural to fight more than each other.

"Right Wing! More! The left wing is not too pro ding! The upper sky is not resting a distance attack! Mr. Okuma is too pro ding!"

"Yes, I'm sorry! Let's stop my grandmother!"

“My father is too proがding! Please lower!”

......There were some generations who were not sleeping in the sleeping place, but the current queen iris, which changed from humans to 魔gues, had a significant work to conduct the magical tribes with a lot of personalism and demonstrate their power as a group.

Godwin, the father of her magical family, is also a powerful person who can win in the same way. I don't know how to fight.

"Oh, you! You have fulfilled the Holy Service!"

And because of their霊s, their time and power are limited, and the purpose is not to defeat the Vampire Vampire and the Magicians.

Even if you are able to defeat Elpel Tatsuhara Vampire and Gordwin Tatsumajin in full force, you can not fulfill the Holy Service if you use the power to stay on the ground before swording to "five-colored blade".

However, it is not the opponent who can win by hand.

"...I don't have any way to work.  

The people of ancient ginseng among the spirits. And immediately, I came out.

“Let’s cleanse the people with great power! That’s why we’re going to win!”

『』』

According to the Ordinance, the attack of the Holy Spirit becomes intense. He started to move martial arts, chanting magic, and戦いing his best in the fight.

Iris, who is not a warrior but a conductor, remembered the question.

(Do you give up your swords to the five-colored blades?)

The purpose of the Holy Spirit can be understood without thinking. To prevent it, she was waiting to meet the request of Vandaloo here.

If you want to prevent the cheers, you need to close the valley in the mountain range. However, it is a strategy that limits the in sions of the spirits that have been descended as it is, wait and repel. When I was explained from Vandalou, Iris was enclosed with his messenger King.

His Maje。 and Spirits It seems that we are working on something.

Iris reported to Vanderou through the 態-type 飾り-type 飾り-type 飾り-type 飾り-type 飾り-type 飾り-type 飾り-type 飾り-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type リス-type.

。 If you have any questions, please contact us.

And the iris drove to the spirits after the war. If Gphadoghan is in this place, or if the body is not sealed, she might have seen something, but she now dived in Vanderou.

I'm still overdue the update date (sweat next story is extended one day, and I hope you can drop off on December 14th.

In addition, I'm planning to release the comical version 5 of this month. I hope you can take it when you look at the cover because it is beautiful.