Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 389: Former Demon King's Army VS Old Demon King's Army

The battle between the Duchess of Hartner and the Duchess of Fゾン was destroyed in an instant by the 入。 of the war that had not been done recently.

“Where’s the brave? Let’s kill it! Bellwood, Farmown, Nine Road, and Eight Rise to make a rose!”

At first g。, the appearance of the 入、 was similar to the Willow. However, there are countless枝。s, not branches or leaves. And the part that hits the trunk is wrapped in viscous liquid with meat color, and there are many sharp spines and mouths.

In that figure, "Ranging Dragon God" Rvezfor remembered.

“T ’s the God of Desire” Zobubero Gear! It’s a devastating man, who must be sealed by Berwoods before Zakarts were killed in Gudulanis!

“What is the seal that has been unlocked?”

“Yes, Paulina” However, I heard that the seal of the man was managed by the Great Gods. Therefore, now it should be with the seal of the Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of Gods of God. That's it at this time.

Luvezfor breathed largely and screamed with his back foot.

“Is Alda solving seals? What are you doing? Even if you are going to discuss with you, there are also the Duchess FAZON army here! ?”

“Rvez, why do you scream with such a big voice? You can hear it without saying such a loud voice, and you can’t be burnt even if you are angry separately?”

"This is a translation, Paulina"

Rvezfor started to explain to the ground in front of the original street.

“In order to get the information to the Duchess of Hartner, he screamed the things of Berwood, so he misunderstood that during the Duchess of Fazon is the same Vidaism as we, so that he pierce the nails.”

The voice of Rvezfor, which depicts the appearance of the sub-jingu Shrine, which is about 100 meters long, passes well. If you hear a loud voice, it will be recognized as a word for a person who is more than 10 km away.

I used it to share information to my army, and I tried to accurately convey information to the enemy army and reduce morality.

In fact, the appearance of the soldiers of the Duchess of Fazon, which眼ed the eyes of Rvezfor, was reflected.

“So how do we wait for both parties to be exhausted by the Duchess of Fazon, whose movement has been dull? Then we can win at the minimum risk.”

The whispering voices and voices of Pauvina of Rvezfor are of course not delivered to the Duchess of Fゾン.

“Oh, it’s right.”

“It’s a bit uncomfortable, but it doesn’t work.”

"Yes, it is the enemy army. I think it’s sad.”

In the na。 proposals of Levézfor, Paulina and Rhinehard remembered some resistance, but the Duchess of FAZON was not a forceless general, and I was convinced to remember that they were the enemy of themselves.

It’s an unexpected situation for the Duchess of FAZON, but for PAUVINA, the opponent who kills them will change from their own to Zubbero Gear.

That’s right. As an individual, I would like to consider if I have been asking for protection.

A horse-shaped witch king who is riding Yuriana said the will of Vandalu.

"When it comes to death, let's choose and make efforts, and let's leave it to the conductor's decision."

Apparently, it seems that the priority to protect the life of the Duchess of Fゾン is low for Vandaloo. He did not want to help the commander of the military of the friend, even the believer of the goddess of life and love.

They宣言d that this war was a holy war, so they don’t think they would be the only true desire to become a depressed deity that the opponent has not changed.

“However, it’s not possible to leave it because it’s embedded by the soul of Guduranis in Alda.”

Paul, who heard it, was surprised to see the zobubero gear. I heard that Alda may use a fragment of the soul of Gudulanis, but I didn’t think that it would be a parasitic to the Majestic army whose name remains in myth even today.

“It’s not good.”

I thought about this situation while running cold and sweat. I didn’t want to fight Zobubero Gear. If you are wondering, Zobubero Gear is one of the main pillars of the Mausoleum and is much stronger than him. And because he knows the information he does not want to know for him.

“I’ve just come to the body and I’ve got to eat them...”

In modern times, there are no magical or crazy people who believe Zobubero Gear as tens of thousands years ago, so if you get weakened gradually, it will be destroyed as it is. It takes time for the year, and it seems that there is no energy as well as killing now that the seal is dissolved.

If possible, I would like you to come to Vanderou and spit all of the souls of Gduranis.

。 It takes a little time to come here because there are many people in the course.

"It is such a killer!"

“Kora, Rvez.” “I don’t have to worry about Van.”

。 We’ve been trained for this time.

“Zakart, Arc, Hill Willow, andダs will be臓ed up from the mouth to the internal organs!”

On the other hand, the zobubero gear is not aware of the surface of the ground, or the mouth of the trunk continues to vomit the name of the sacrifice. It was difficult for both army humans to release from the appearance of a 気がendous killer.

It is because the non-human atmosphere is damaged because it is 鳴ent in human language.

“It’s not the case of the Shogun, the earliest war法!”

“I know, the High Priest!編成e a serene and defeated forces and attack the devastating deities!”

The Duchess of the FAZON army is a two-way structure to capture the Duke of Hartner and Duke of Burgit at the same time.

The army that was originally existed is the core of the army, and the participants other than the army are composed of the gods of the Alda forces who have a thick faith, so the command system is more solid than the Saints of Amid.

"T  rest!? I'm determined to go to the boundary of the boundary while I'm s pted by the evil gods who are unconsciously manifested!"

“What’s the devastating thing? Was it crazy? Or did you hear that  ?

However, it seems that it was only valid while playing the Holy War.

The shogun who commands the Duchess of Fazon is a man who believes in Alda’s followers and the sacrifice of the Holy War, and confessed that he is madden by the Vidal Magic Empire who sees the undead and daemon. As a leader of the army, follow the life of the Duchess of Fazon, but judge and act with common sense priorities.

Kojisai, the chief warrior of the Alda Temple, who is participating in the army against it, believes that even if you can fight under the will of Alda, it is true to death, and other believers should be. In other words, it was a madder that is not much different from aliakes.

"What do the generals do?"

“Yes, you’re going to die while you’re standing on us!? I’m going to do it again!”

And even though the former 鋭 troops are still participating in the army, the early candidates from the adventurer were quick to find out for the organization that caused the function.

“Whatever you think is the future of defeating the evil gods!”

The judgement was supremely true, and it was also the right act as the actions of the refugees who were applied to God.

......

However, zobubero gear recognizes his attention, which originated from [the descendants of use], as a presence that follows the勇.

"Our sour ! The brave army!"

Make the trunk of the meat and shake the countless touches like a whip. It was unfortunate to the Duchess of Fazon, but it suddenly stretched to dozens of times.

“Oh!”

"I'm happy!"

Even among the wicked gods that are ranked at least 13, the power of Zoubu Velo Gear, which was the main part of the Mao army, is high, the candidates and the ex-部隊 force still can not be sworded by the soldiers, knights, and warriors who are slightly stronger than the部隊. It is a powerful舞舞 than Kraken, and you have to dance like a tree leaf.

Half of the Duchess of Fazon were exposed to this attack, and other than the minority who had good fortunes, former 鋭s, and candidates were blown away.

“Well, please help me...”

However, a lot of people who have been stolen or attacked were living and asked for help on the ground where they were rolled.

“I’ll wait and drink potions right away!”

“Resを injuries and help with withdrawals!”

"The shogun was done!"

The Duchess of Fazon, whose discipline as a military collapses. It is impossible because the half of the supervisor who const tes the army became a serious person except the few deaths.

“Oh, I’m drinking this... gufu?”

However, I was the lord of the Duchess of Fゾン.

“Oh... This is the 徳 of the warmates...!”

A soldier stinged with a sword, who tried to drink potions,  ed with an ecstatic expression.

“You, you!”

"Ohaha! I'm a knight who is usually  ed from behind me, and I'm defeated!

“Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

"I'm good, I'm killing me! No, I'm dying myself!"

"I'm killing! Let's kill the祭s of the high priest who in t! Can't follow the commands of the generals?"

I started to talk with each other as if I forget about common sense, conscience, military discipline and law. This completely collapsed as an organization.

If only half is lost, you will be able to continue fighting. However, it is difficult to become an enemy while half of the number is alive.

The zobubero gear that made it is raised laughs that the chest becomes bad while floating in the sky.

"Everyone will beat it! Rhine  you have a magic item with the same effect as [S ation fault resistance] and [S ctility resistance] skills and the person who doesn't have a magic item of the same effect, and come to the commander!"

Pauvina, who confirmed the appearance, decided to go out to the attack if it can not see more.

If you leave, it seems that you are not aware of the power from the Duchess of Fazon, who changed to the believer until Vandalu comes, but if you get on the 片 of the soul of Gduranis, the former King of Witch will be revived incomplete.

She flies the sky with Yamata, and Lilyana jumps to the sky by the messenger.

“Wow? You’re the Rvezfor...? I feel that the appearance is subtle and different, but there’s something you want to hear. Where are you? Where did you go to Gudulanis and other si s?

I also noticed zobubero gear against it, but I did not recognize ruvesfor as an enemy. It was a little puzzled, but I will ask questions again with a horizontal attitude.

"Hey! I will answer, the brave is - you do not need to know! I'm dead!"

The ブレent bleeds released in the middle of the word, which seemed to answer the question, hit the ground without voice.

“Well, you!? You’ve been crazy!? It’s the same thing that you’re saying to us! Did you forget that you’ve listened to your mouth so that you can regain your sleep?”

And sprinkle the 響。 towards the earth, and 響。 it up.

“Oh, I’ve never been known to Pauvina and Rhinehard!

So, Zobubero Gear was a major part of Gduranis, “Let’s use it because it’s interesting,” when Rvezfor, Bodo, and Zoza Seiba, etc., who are not in this place, traverses the gods of the “Ramda” world and sleeps back to the Mao army.

However, there was no one to worry about this because it was known not only to Paulina and Rhinehard, but also to the entire Armor. Pauvina is only nodded as “ー” on his head.

Even if you think that others don’t care about it now, it was a past that you don’t want to know.

“Oh! I’m going to kill me just waking up from the seal and take away my status! What a wonderful thing! Now, I’m thinking that my first time will be true to our brothers!”

On the other hand, in the head of Zobubero Gear, it was the era of myths where the gods of "Ramda" and the Mao army were fighting for more than ten thousand years, and all seven健s were healthy, and it seems that they were born in the era when they were sealed.

In his head, Gudulanis still reigns the Magnolia, and Rvezfor is the lower end of his sleep on the Magnolia.

』

And the acclaimed Rvezfor himself was frightened with a scream like a scream that was too distracted by the dist、 of the color.

“However, we will share the same values as our company, we will be in the opposite direction.

"Coヴェ! Let's make your own Rve's deer~! [Bombings]!"

The tactile that Zobubero Gear shakes towards Rvezfor, a sprinkle of Paula standing at his head is crushed and played.

"The main body is coming soon, but please take it a little more as you move to another place as soon as you put the 軍."

“Who are you? Who?”

So, Yuriana came down two canes from the sky as soon as he asked the horse-shaped turtle. It turned into a horrible figure when。ing in the air.

“I don’t hear that I’m going to go out where there is such a big thing! But I can’t do it!”

The 形の of the five tails of the five tails of the 眼 of the 眼 of a single-lens serpentine, a form similar to a giant hand, is Fidirg.

"But I really wanted to drop a little later!"

It is a huge tree at first g , but instead of berries, it is a zozogante of the dark forest.

The two pillars are the lower part of the former Mausoleum, and the wicked God who slept back to the gods of Ramda in contrast to the Rvezfor.

In their appearance, I screamed the screaming Rvezfor.

“Is there any more malicious support arms? ”

What?

『『『『『』』』』』

They should be the same as Rvezfor, and the three pillars should not be equal to the Zobu Velo Gear.

"I want to aim for this position by aligning downside together. I'm good! Tamaran! But kill!"

I was convinced that the fight against Zobubero Gear began.

“I’m a supervisor who will be watching this battle... I’m not sure if I’m going to have it?”

However, Vandaloo seems to have a cheer to the spirit of the shogun.

After graduation Music

“Randruff,談s are so much more.”

Mr. Randolph, who had a short sword with his left and right hand, and Mr. Meoriris, the former principal of the school, was standing in front of Zobu Velo Gear.

At that time, Heinz’s “five-colored blades” were waiting for Vandalu to work on the way to Tarosム.

“Everyone thinks that it’s warming up and moving it. Don’t be too consumable.

Vandalou built a valley in the boundary to release the magical objects for the sun, so a hole was opened in the junction of the gods of the Vida family. Heinz came into the boundary. However, the more unprotected the inside of the deliberately opened hole for the strategy, the more sweet Vandalou.

Misril and Adamantite made goムs stand in front of them.

“I don’t have too much consumables, but I just need to be consumed even if I’m serious about it!”

As Jennifer said, Gorem had a dis ing structure if they were fighting together.

It is not the enemy of the "five-colored blade" of the current "five-colored blade" which is the main armed by Orihalcon. However, there was a cavity in the body of Goム, and the thing that was built there was troublesome.

A薬 that breaks down the goム and散s. Adhesive to remove the de s of weapons and goム. Drugs that change to poison gas by vaporizing when touching air, and pathogenic bacteria that in  air.

In rare cases, liquid metal goムs are 仕 internally, and sometimes they attack when the outer goム is destroyed.

“Isn’t it a priority to defeat the wicked gods who had been in the 片gue of Gudulanis who had previously spoken by Berwood?

If you leave Gudulanis, Seren will also be at risk!

Dianabol claims the most opinions, but Heinz swayed the neck.

“I don’t do it, but if I go, I will do it with you and jennifer.”

“Why? How do you prioritize defeating Vandalou?”

“Oh, it’s a reverse effect when I and Deliza join.”

Heinz answered the question and answered Diana and Jennifer.

“What happens if we go back to the Holy War, especially the Heinz? Vidal Magic Empire...Vandaloo will fight against evil gods by temporarily resting with us?”

“I don’t have it.”

“Oh, it’s just the same as the time of Rokudo-san.”

Heinz said to the two who remembered the Dark Avalon incident.

“No, it’s not the same.” Vandalou will give priority to defeat us from the evil gods. Vidal Magic Army to protect us"

If the “five-colored blades” have been precedented to defeat the wicked Gods with the魂 of the souls of Gdulanis released by Alda, then he thought that Vandaloo would prioritize the protection of the Vidal Magic Army in the war.

It’s a battlefield where there are only ally and enemies, not Orbaum, whose wicked gods are 暴ent. The existence to be protected and the presence that is not enough to be protected is clearly divided.

“In addition, perhaps the wicked Gods that Alda has released will be weaker than the sixth saint, even if they are 片。 of the soul of Gudulanis. That’s why Vandalou has more room than before.”

Heinz of Alda believed that it would not be a true sword to release the gods embedded the deficiencies of the soul of the Witch, but he thought that there would be more powerful than the sixth saint.

That’s why Vandaloo has a lot of space, and I don’t think about trying to temporarily rest with Heinz.

"If we return, Vandaloo will be running from us to protect our fellow undeads and monsters. Even if Alda has released the evil gods in other places. “If you’re a fan of God, it’s because we’re more threat to God.”

While saying so, Jennifer asked, “What can you say so?”

"It's because this wait is born to stop us. If you're not, you'll have Vandaloo himself here!"

It is likely that the sharpness through the deliberately created junction is a sharp force centered on "five-colored blade" or "five-colored blade". That’s why you can’t say that it’s enough to defeat a slightly tedious goム, because if you’re wondering, you’ll be able to hit Vandaloo or its content, and you’ll be able to hit them.

Gorem is only for dew payments prepared for candidates that might be coming about the Heinz.

The reason that there is no Vandaloo is that he has priority over the fighting of the Heinz. For example, Alda is flying around the world to defeat it because he has released Gudulanis and evil gods all over the world,。 the battlefields of the Holy War and the Vidal Magic Empire.

However, if the Heinz joins the Holy War forces outside the Boundary Mountains, the priority may turn over. So if Vandalou gives him to protect his companions from the wings, the wicked gods will become wild.

“In other words, are you going to let Vandalieu get rid of the soul fragments of Guduranis!? We are trying to defeat him because he might be taken over by Guduranis, right!?”

"As long as we can prevent damage from other evil gods in the end, that's fine. It doesn't matter whether the Vandalieu that appeared before us has already been taken over by Guduranis or not yet, as long as we win.

Vandalieu, not us, is the one who can quickly deal with the fragments of Guduranis' soul that are scattered all over the place.''

Unfortunately, Heinz and his friends don't have the mobility to travel around the world in the blink of an eye.

And in fact, if Heinz were to join the holy war army, Vandalieu would make it his top priority to kill him. To protect Ziggurat, the dragon of the Vida faction.

While protecting the Ziggurat and Vidal's Demon Empire Army, who continue to go crazy, Vandalieu is doing his best to kill Heinz, and the ``Five-Colored Blade'' must do everything in his power to protect himself. In the aftermath, the holy war army was wiped out, and the Mirg shield nation suffered severe damage.

For Vandalieu, the lives of Volks, Budarion, Schneider, Vigaro, and the Ziggurats are far more important and precious than the lives of the people of the Milg shield nation, an enemy country he doesn't even know.

Moreover, during that time, Vandalieu's companions will continue to suppress the gods that Arda has released into various places, and if they fail, Guduranis will once again be revived incompletely. Neither Vandalieu nor Heinz wanted that development.

“But if we continue like this, won’t Vandalieu come before we can defeat the evil gods to protect Talosheim?”

"That's not true. Talosheim doesn't exist anymore, or even if it does exist, it's a fake city with no residents. Therefore, Vandalieu can just 'wait and see' about us."

Even though there was a trap prepared at the end of the hole in the barrier that was intentionally created as a diversion, there was no way they would leave someone important to them behind that hole.

Since he was able to move mountains, he should be able to move cities as well. Therefore, there is nothing worth protecting for Vandalieu beyond this path.

That's why Heinz kept waiting for Vandalieu to appear.

The next episode will be posted on September 28th.

We apologize for the inconvenience, but due to various circumstances, the posting of the next story will be postponed until October 3rd. Sorry for repeating this.