Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 326: Current status of party members

The mother of Elizabeth Saulon, Ameria Saulon, was born as the eldest daughter of the Toler Knight. The Knight of Torah was one of the many Knights of the Duchess of Saulon, and the usual knight of Ameria’s father Orson was just a serious thing.

I was born as a normal daughter because there was no sacrifice of martial arts that the child was only a daughter iris, but there was a brother on the top of the house.

The Knight’s Baron is a noble, but there is no territory, and the salary from the Lord who serves is the main source of income. For this reason, it is difficult to live in a wide residence and hire a number of people to leave homework.

If you’re a Bare Hart family who is known to be known to be known to be in the Duchess of Saulon, you’ll be able to live a richer life than the Bare Bare. However, knights that serve the poor aristocrat who cures the villages of the borders are usually mixed with the farmer.

The Knight of Toler was served as the Duchess of Saulon, so there was no room to hire a few people, but it was not enough to have a noble and elegant life. So Amelia was devoted to the Duchess when he was older. It is not unusual as a daughter of the Knight of the Orbaum Kingdom.

Make daughter as the owner. By doing so, the Lord can hire his daughter, and he can maintain the loyalty of the Knights. Also, working as a noble 、 is a status, and it is also beneficial for the knights to get good 談s.

Amelia Toler was out of his life as the daughter of the legendary knight because he was looking at the former Lord of the Duchess of Saulon, Barnurst Saulon.

The mother who talked with smiles in the 室posium seemed to be healthy in Elizabeth.

That's right. Good. New friends like an interesting child

It is because the hospital life is long.肌zabeth is somewhat thinner than when he was young, and the skin is white. However, it seems that there is no doubt in the expression and voice.

It’s not interesting. It is a tea bitter. If I think that I came to school like a duck after me, I will go to the side of the lesson with a teacher.

If you think it is, you can sing a strange song, and you can samurai a strange girl, but it is a beauty.

“Kamom? Ufufu, Imagine what it’s cute.”

"...No, my mother." It is quite spectacular, because the sister of the righteousness and the people of the deceased come together"

"I'm a sister who is taller than the ceiling of this room? I'm looking for a friend. mom, happy

The room given to Ameria is a private room for nobility. The room is larger than the house of the leem sand house, where Elizabeth and Maheria live today.

High quality bed with carpet. There are mirrors on the closet, chairs on the table, and tea sets. In particular, the pot is a magic item, and when you pour the water, it will become hot water immediately.

And the window is filled with expensive glass.

"Mahlia, you also sit. I want to hear from you.

The samurai Maheria standing behind Elizabeth suggested a chair next to Elizabeth. This room has a seating chair.

"Oku, I'm"

"You're family." Is it good because we only have、s here?

Amelia stretched his hand to the pot.

」

“I am good at brewing tea without worrying about it.”

“Mahlia, as you say to your mother.” Let’s talk if you are standing

Maheria is a daughter of the samurai of the Toler Knights, not the Duchess of Saulon. So she grew up like Elizabeth and sister before she was recognized by the Duchess of Saulon.

"I know..."

When Maheria sits on the chair, Ameria has a large smile and poured tea into an empty cup.

At the top of the table, four cups stand out in front of each seat.

"Vandalu is more small than Elizabeth, but it is also dependent on the teachers. I am very good at cooking.

“Oh, you said, the ske、 that you brought to this souvenir was、 by that child?”

"Yes, we are better than us." How many times did you stop Elizabeth to make a hand-made lunch pair?

“Mahlia! It’s because Vandalu wants to grab the stomach bag of everyone... don’t say anything extra!”

Amelia listens to the two stories, but he smils on his side.

"I'm happy to see two people." You?

You? And there is no opponent who Amelia is talking. No one sits on the chair, and the tea made in the cup is chilled.

“I’m sorry. I don’t care if I lose it with my cooking skills. Elli has a lot of great pros

However, it looks like Amelia. She sits on the chair and talks with her.

Thank you. Father

However, it is invisible to Elizabeth and Maheria. Invisible to anyone other than Amelia.

Amelia Saulon was sick.

At first, it was like a nightmare, a rare view of the hallucinations, and an illusion. Amelia himself was aware that it was a hallucinity.

Drassé Lime Sand, who knows it, recommended hospitalization to this院.

There is no effective treatment for heart disease, and there are few experts. At that time, I thought that I would be心d if I knew that I had a heart disease in the successor dispute of the Duchess of Saulón, and Ameria was advisable to Dorasse, and intimately entered the院.

Erizabeth was able to go to the院 of Amelia because he lost his successor’s struggle and even if he was known for Amelia.

At that time, there was a "husband" that can not listen to the voice, which is only visible to her in the heart of Amelia.

I don’t know if my husband is Barnurst Saulon. However, it should be different.

“But my mother is good at cooking?”

“I’m not good at it.” I was praised by my father. Every time you make it, you’ll be rewarded with deliciousness.

I don’t think there was an opportunity to eat Baan Lust, a mother who smiles gently. He is an aristocratic, because there was a large kitchen in the house where an expert cooker worked.

"Yes. Dance is good for women. I had a look like a lady before half a month.

Maheria has a story before the party is opened in the villa of the Arkulem.

Since the Orbaum Kingdom's social dance was non-specialized, there was a chance to see whether Vandaloo with skills was not confident, or that there was a change to Elizabeth.

“Is it a child of honorary aristocratic, so I didn’t have a dance lesson?”

"It's a story of the past! I'm able to dance with a lesson."

That’s right. My mother was not good at dancing. Yes, there were some things that I had taken on the road of you at the party.

However, it is safe if you want to be good. Don’t thank Leem Sands.”

Amelia says, but she never attended the same party as Barnurst. Of course, she was a 。 and she should not dance with him.

In addition to hand dishes and dance, Amelia has a lot of memories with her husband, but it is impossible to think of it as a memory of Aise with Barnurst Saulon.

So Elizabeth and Maheria see her “ideal husband” instead of seeing the phantoms of Barnスト Saulon.

In other words, Baan Lust is an ideal husband for Amelia, not a loved one.

Amelia does not say a bad mouth of the burnt, at least in the hearing range of Elizabeth or Maheria. He told me that he was a monarch as a monarch when he was young Elizabeth. However, as my husband, I never told me what kind of person was my father.

When I was young, I thought Elizabeth was a good father who loved her mother and herself.

"Yes, yeah. I'd like to say thank you to the Count."

However, in the puberty, I noticed that the princess of Dolasse Reim Sands would express its essence to its eyes. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

When he saw his mother, his wife and his wife, he was born. He had already passed the middle of his teenage. Amelia, who was just an adult at that time, is not dom  by his father and his wife.

The mother's position is not a new love, but a secret loveer. I couldn’t make a relationship public, and when I got a child, I had to go back to my house and grow up to hide Elizabeth. There was a gift or aid, but I don’t think it’s hard to catch it.

In addition, I know that Elizabeth was later, but in Bernurst there was a hidden child similar to her. If you think of it, you can only think that Bernurst was a らendous man for women.

モン his abdo。 brother Raymond Paris, Elizabeth was a woman, and he was recognized. But I don’t think it was a happy thing for my mother.

If Bernurst is surrounded by his mother as a loved one from the beginning, his mother may have been protected by enough escorts and safely escaped the Duchess of Saulon.

If Bernurst doesn’t recognize her mother and herself, and if she is not looking at it, she might have been able to escape her grandfather and her mother safely.

Actually, Bernurst recognized Elizabeth a few days ago when the Amidian Empire was attacked, so there was no enough escort for Amelia and Elizabeth. Many of the escorts were assigned to the mas ines like Ludel, and the children of the love con , who were from the house of senior aristocratic such as the Marquis and the Earl.

The grandfather reなed the Knight with a small soldier who defended Ameria and Elizabeth. And it was only a user who served the Torah family.

And when escaping from the Duchess of Saulon, there were many手s to catch Elizabeth, the daughter of the Duchess of Saulon from the army of the Amid. My grandfather and my mother died to protect the Amerians from their手s.

The tragedy left the heart, and the mother had a heart disease, and Elizabeth was just forgiving.

“I said a lot, but it seemed like it was over the wall of growth in the shade of Vandaloo. Maheria and Zorna are also rising, and the school results are likely to be raised."

Therefore, it is not finished without being treated as a common child to the Duchess of Saulon. That’s why I’m not saved too much.

In the first place, if the Amid Empire is not attacked, it was not escaped from the Duchess of Saulon, and it is also known that it is the Amid Imperial army that took the grandfather's life. However, the empire is an enemy since the country. It is a natural opponent because of killing.

Elizabeth, moreover, he regretd that he couldn’t protect his family while he was a father.

It was good. Elli is a strong child, but I was worried about it because it is a child who does not speak weakness.

But don’t force it. We are happy to hear from you.

。 It is time for medicine.

The staff of the院 come in there. On the wagon he pressed, there was a medicine on the water bottle and a small dish.

“Well, it’s time to do that?”

"Mother, we will come again. Don't worry

」

The mother who tries to do the drug later, Elizabeth and Maheria came out of the veneer. After receiving the special lessons from Vandalou, you will no longer need to work hidden by selling the material of the monster you defeated, and you will be able to come soon.

“Even if it’s it, you know when?”

“What do you think? It looks like a person who doesn’t think about anything, and it seems to be a person who doesn’t really think about anything?”

Is it because you know that the magic that is fighting with special lessons is only the breed that is suitable for edible is that you are selling to adventurer ルドld and making income? He answered that he could get to Elizabeth, which he could be.

Vandaloo joins Elizabeth’s party tomorrow. I was talking about it. I didn’t have only Meolilis and Randruff.

“What do you do? It’s a month, but I don’t know what you’re doing.”

“...Is it right for us? It’s a good thing to do before, but it’s different from that time.”

“I’m right.” Why? The scene of the eleven leam sandwiches has changed.

Elysabス’s four-man collections, taller spears of the magnitude Hamilton, magnitudes of the eyeglasses, Eusef Catalonis, Torus Zetz, a small shield, and Zona of the axes of Dwarf.

This four was a student gathering for the purpose of sucking sweet juice to Elizabeth and Maheria, looking for a party member after entering the school.

And after the party was formed, he looked at the Count Lime Sands and was doing something like his spy.

“I’ve been trusted by my friend, but I don’t know it.”

Saying so, Zona released a candy ball in the mouth and rolled on the tongue. Refreshing aroma and sweetness spread in the mouth.

The fact that the facts were スパイed by the Count of Lime Sands, and it was hard to make the trend at the school of Elizabeth. They are noble, but they are less than three. And I don’t want to be a leam sand Count even if I’m a talent or a job.

The Count of Lime Sands will not be able to reverse it by sending a letter to the three実s who entered the party of Elizabeth.

However, there weren’t any attempts to reverse them. If you are pregnant, the Count promised to be hired as a knight or a magecraft in the future if you cooperate.

It was a very attractive reward for the three who had no hope to inherit the family because it was originally born late.

As you can see from the facts of the facts, their families are among the aristocrats looking under the plains. We are proud to have a noble blue blood flowing, and the plains are different from their own, and they do not have a deceptive attitude to serve themselves.

For the facts we grew up in such an environment, we were afraid that we could not fall into the plains.

If you can’t serve as a noble as a knight or a family member, you can’t be able to become a serene lord. In order to achieve this goal, the facts passed a preliminary school that was trying to desperately. Even if you become an adventurer, even if you fall into the plains, you will be a noble knight or a mathematician of the nobles somewhere ... Awfully, aim to become a noble with the baron.

However, I didn’t know that the preparatory school was not sweet, and the facts were not able to go about this practice in my own power, and I didn’t know if I could。.

At that time, the whispered invitation was equal to the thread of the sp、 that dripped into hell for three people. ...In the first place, at the time when the family of the real family followed the Count, there was no heart or power inverted to them.

That’s why we only provide information that the Counts wanted to them. It was not commanded to learn guilty with dangers such as 罠ing directly.

When Elizabeth was acting as an alex solicitation, he was commanded to stop it, but he did not stop it.

However, after about a year, there was a new command to the facts in the day when Vandaloo appeared. It is a collection of information about Vanderou.

At first, I was three people who were going to devote themselves to the command, but now I lost my spirit.

“Do you trust the Count?”

"I'm sorry. It’s no matter how much you’ve seen your mouth’s promises.

Zona is also a noble, but it is complex. She is an aristocratic adolescent, but in fact she is a parent.

The aristocratic man puts in a dwarf bareback and became a lover, but he married a man of a servant because he was pregnant. And as the daughter who grew up was talented, I took a preliminary school as a nurse.

It is herself.

“By the way, it’s not a spy on the Count.”

What do you say?

“Yes, I’m before.”

“I didn’t have anything together when you report it.”

"What??"

It was a fact that I could say to Zona’s splendid phrases, but I realized that it was actually.

Zona was also invited from the Count of Ream Sands, and it was said to follow the direction of the Count from the parents. But she didn’t care and herself did nothing.

“It’s such a弁!”

“Isn’t you going to get into Elizabeth if you want to be?”

“Yes, you’re selling it!”

“Happy, coward”

Zona, who is blame from the facts, but she had three people as she had a face without shy.

“What should we do?”

“What do you do?”

“Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Four were not malicious to Elizabeth. At first, I had a sweet soup with her strength and suction, but I had a party for a year. In addition, Elizabeth was one of the best people who met in four lives.

She had a good mouth and attitude, but it was about to care for four people, and it was natural to think about the blood muscles of the father. It has a good troublesome look.

It was because it was a “worse future” for four people who continued to pour her information into the Count of Ream Sand.

The purpose of the leam sandwich is not s rated. However, she did not want to be active as an adventurer by studying excellent results at a preparatory school.

So, I thought that the Count would marry Elizabeth to some nobles. It’s because it’s because it’s a noble house, so that women don’t want to go to society.

It is not a bad thing in the common sense of magct and zona. Neil, the reckless reason of the current Duchess of Saulon to be frustrated by the enemy, and I thought that the stopper would be happy.

If Elizabeth’s goal is to become an adventurer, or if he has earned his績s, he may be able to create a new aristocratic family. ......And if you know that the purpose of the leam sand is to conquer Elizabeth, you will be back to her side.

It is because it is not a good relationship to say that it is a good relationship to the fact that it is a new love of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Count of the Year.

However, in this month, the meaning of "this remains".

“Now... Well, I can’t graduate if I’m here. We are not only Elizabeth but also ours.

。 In the shade of Vanderou"

This month, thanks to the special lessons of Vandalou, the power of the facts as well as Elizabeth was rising. However, I was able to achieve this goal with a margin.

It's not just because it's up to the level or ability, but it's not because I changed the job. Vanderlust, his deceased, and his friends taught me a lot.

“If I stayed in this place, I felt like I can do my best. Vandalou teaches how to use shields and how to care

“I’m too... I met several times, and I’ve told me a lot of things, and I praised my muscles. I don’t want to remember my life, but I don’t tell me how much I hear.

"Yes, I'm also from Borzofoi to solve the magical tricks......"

When I was taught by Vandaloos, they thought, “I don’t have to ask for anything like the leam sandwich.”

“...It’s a real house that comes out for one year or two years after that, and it’s a different one.”

“I have a dorm while I go to school even if I was chased.”

“It’s... it seems to be more suspicious than the plains. Even adventurers can do it."

For about a month, the facts received the special lessons of Vandalu, and the recognition for the plains changed while interacting with his friend, Heart Warriors, Simon, Natana, and His Maje。.

And because of the power, I was able to do it even if I was just an adventurer.

It is the same feeling as Zona, and she was originally a daughter of the mother of the former bareback and the father of the servant, before she became a nurse who was not caught. To avoid collision with the facts, there was a need to adjust the tone.

However, the problem is not.

“It’s not like Elizabeth, but Vandaloo. I feel like Elizabeth is good in the word of Vanderou, even though it is the family of Oyaji who is also home, but it is different in your home?

“What’s it?”

Vandaloo was the center of the interest of Orbaum’s Royal aristocratic tribes, in order to show how the problems of the facts and zonas are.

In this month, the facts of the facts were asked to explore the Vanderlus, such as the nobles above the Leem Sands and the Marquis Dolmad, who served as the military service, and he was 催 to see if there were no significant information.

It became a しendous opportunity for the party of the Arkurem House, which was opened half a month ago.

Accordingly, many of the aristocrats who have a certain characteristic or are hiding were pushed to the venue, and when they came out from the venue, they changed to an enthusiastic Arkurem supporter.

According to Dalcia Zakart, the emblematic princess is a beautiful woman, and in the social world of this year there are many gentlemen who aim for her.

Accordingly, the eldest son, Vanderou, encircled a lot of beautiful women as a “commenter”.植物 them, the syrup made from the tree of Aizen, a plant-shaped monster, and the sweets using fruit are exquisite.

Accordingly, Katy Hartner and Vandalu Zakart of the Baron of Hartner were contacted. How did the Duchess of Hartner move from the Alda patron to Vida, like the Duchess of Alcム?

There is no counting rumors that jump like etc. They are required to confirm their false identity. ......The Count of Lime Sands was thinking about Elizabeth's things, and finally I'm going to get it, but it was not knowing about the facts.

“How can I get more information?”

“Now, how do we become the Duke of Arcム?”

“I thought it’s true to me. Is it true?”

“No, it’s... what about Zona? It’s better to get along with us.”

"I'm sorry!? I'm sorry, it's easy to decide!"

In this month, the facts are confusing to some extent. In addition, he was far from the truth, but he guessed.

Until now, we only have information that we can understand if we are not. Finding more information, and streaming it is a complete spy, and an enemy.

I don’t feel like fighting with Vandaloo. This month’s growth is due to his special lessons. I have helped many times during my special lessons.

However, the decision to become friends in the real sense was not easy.

Vanderlou... The Duke of Alcrem, who recited the reform, is now considered to be a completely new breed of Vida. The ex。ation goes beyond the stages of the politics world, and the Vida Temple of Orbaum is amazing.

In this center, the main nobles, such as the Marquis of Telkatanis, whose predecessor, had used the Alda temple, have not yet penetrated the reforms that the Duke of Alcム.

Until one month ago, many underweight aristocrats and plains were aware of the fact that the Arkurem is saying the subtle thing, the candidate for the election of next year, it will be a topic making, and it was troublesome to stand out.

However, in this month, the alcrum is becoming in、 popular.

The reason for this was that there were more aristocrats supporting the reform of the Arkurem in the half-month party. And that's what they're doing.

As the aristocratic supporters and the information of Vandalu spread, the awareness of reform is increasing.

The facts also met and talked to Zadilis several times, and they seemed to be “human.”

However, it is a great decision to become a companion of Vandaloo. It is judged that other aristocrats support the Duke of Alcム. You can't be seen from a large number of nobles. Acts and zonas who were able to be a plain citizen from the aristocratic can also take the two steps.

The facts and zona, which have never made a big decision in life, did not have the power to make the decision that was in Katie Hartner.

“I don’t have to worry if I don’t get more in it!”

If you are pregnant, basically because they are the owner of a strong person.

Zona is a bit more than the facts, but it doesn’t have big goals and strong beliefs like Elizabeth and Maheria.

“Is it? I’m looking like I’m getting enough?”

Don’t談. I don’t react at all any time, unlike the choro guy like me. ...... Because I’m samurai of Aisen and Zadilis, it’s natural. Well, I got a candy ball.

However, it’s only unpleasant.

If you don’t have the power of Vanderou, you can’t decide to become a member of Vanderou. It is quite dangerous to fall into the situation in a state that is not really a member of Vandaloo.

Zona chewed candy in the mouth ... syrup candy made from Aisen's delicacy and decided.

“If you do this, you can’t do it.” Even if you are forced to do it, you can put it in Vanderou and get a good pocket!

“Is there any confidence?? Even if you try to get in front of Vanderou, which is samurai of the beauty, it will be a poisonous result...”

“I don’t see the eyes of you already see the poisonous existence!? If you say so far, let’s take it to Vandaloo, the people of the deceased, and Paulvina! It’s a man!?”

“I don’t say that! I was whispering whether this darkness is a curse that I can’t get it!”

“It’s too different from women we know!”

“Pauvina treats children or we are small, and it’s actually a child from Miriam and Natana... Kalinear is scary.”

"If I see quietly because I do, I waited, do not see. wait for the report"

The success rate is not high by myself, so the zona that I do not want to see if it is a miserable result was recalled.

They don’t know. Vandaloo is quite choro, and when I met, there are three people who thought they would be “ ish” and now they are rethinking that there is a place.

And it is said to be a friend.

In other words, it is not only because the level has risen by special lessons, but also led to Vanderou.

At that time, Vanderou discussed with Paulina to be a member who has been certified as a follower for tomorrow.

By the way, tea is a manju. The bean paste is packed, not a hand-made darkness.

"Van, I want to register ヴェヴェvez. [Scanning] I don't remember the skills

"Yes. So let’s take Sam, Bone, and Oniwaka to it?

"Van, Oniwaka is young."

It was. It seems to be a habit

That said, Vandaloo was doing something. Wrap the message and add the card.

"Van, it's?"

This is a gift V-cream to Orloc who has been taken care of daily life. It is a gem of heart that was narrowed down to the disciples and made with a feeling of slimming."

The master of taymar ルドld, Orlock’s mental effort, but the hair roots and the skin seem to be protected.

Next story will be posted on July 29th.