Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 335: Non-toxic dinner party

Luciano started to explain the name of various chemicals and herbs, and the paper written in the procedure to prepare them on the wall.

“I’ve taken care of the analysis of drugs that have been passed to me. The great thing of this medicine is that it suppresses its strength while exhibiting the efficacy aimed at skillfully aligning materials. Therefore, the body of the patient who drink this medicine continues to recognize it as a medicine rather than poison.

No matter how long you drink this medicine, you will not be able to get the [Toxin Resistance] skill and the drug will not work."

But medicine and poison are the same. It is only called toxins that demonstrate beneficial effects for the human body, and those that demonstrate効果 effects.

In this world, there is no [Poison resistance] skill. In addition, [toxin resistance] The owner of the skill is also potentiated. In other words, the drug that restores the body is effective.

Because of the above, it is possible to prevent the effect of poison in this world, but it is difficult to prevent the effect of the drug.

There are exceptions. [Tox resistant] If you have a skill, it is hard to get drunk. Sleep medicines and laxatives are also difficult to work. However, it is not a poison.

“This drug is a person who understands the things that they have developed.”

In other words, Luciliano can put the pills in the table on one plate.

"And there is no detoxifying agent because it is medicine. At least, if you drink it, you can recover the process of the brain that was weakened immediately, reviving the lost memory, replenishing the previous personality, and there is no drug that can do so.

Is it correct?

Luciano was the director of the chair 座 around the long table with a luxurious table cloth.

“What’s going on? Who’s you?”

“Let’s release us!”

“I don’t want to die!”

No, it is not only the director. Almost all of the staff were restrained by the chair, including other doctors, priests, nurses and cleaning staff.

They are in this room when they feel like they are in work. All walls, ceilings, and tables are made of white color. The chief of the hospital震ed when the body was stolen.

"What's it like here?"

This building and furniture were made of bones. It is not a belt, even if the director is restrained in the chair. The hands of white bones.

“I think it’s difficult, but I don’t feel calm? I’m talking about it as a decent researcher, so I want you to continue to the end. Well, you would like to talk freely about the first time, so don’t make it impossible.”

“Well, it’s the last time!? We’re there!? Well, wait, and you’re not sure about the nobles of the Kingdom!”

“If you kill yourself who knows the secrets and weaknesses of the aristocrats, are you sure that the aristocrats that we have heard are trying to kill them in the mouth?”

It was Vandaloo Zakart, who had been pushing Wagon while asking so.

“Are you? Is it all your money?”

。 I'm all my fingers. By the way, I will continue to serve.

Vandaloo enters while pushing the wagon. In the same way, there was a figure of the bones that push the wagon.

“Where are you going to answer your questions?”

“I’ll cut it off! Let’s release it soon! That’s why we’ll keep it in our heart!”

"Oya, it's troubled, master. I'm not going to answer if he's rice or bread or red or white.

"No way, let's arrange both"

?」

There were several dishes on the wagon that Vandalou and the skeleton were pushing. A dish with salads using fresh seasonal vegetables, pineapple pies, golomolo and meat dumplings that are likely to eat largely is arranged in front of the director.

It seems that something is kneaded in the dough, but there is a fried rice with something, rather than cooking, and red and white in three glasses, and blue purple wine.

What is this?

I like the color of the wine that I poured last, but it seems to be delicious because I see it. Even if it is said to be a full course of luxury restaurants, it is not a lie.

The intention of abducting and restraining and creating luxurious experiences was not understood, and the directors were puzzled.

“Oh, I’m見ry just by watching it. I can't get a single dish to me? It seems to have a single seat.

“Isn’t you passing the world of Amelia if you’re in Lucia?”

“I don’t know that it’s almost no, but I don’t have to worry about eating a dish that might be popular.”

“Is this dish full of limits when I eat it?”

It is because I have a skill not [toxin resistance] but [tolerance of condition]. I thought it was a little bit flat.

However, the chief of the hospital was frozen by listening to the conversation between Vandaloo and Luciliano.

"Oh, it was still a description of the menu.

Appetizers are served with seasonal vegetable salads, crushed pills and olive oil. The soup is made with root vegetable potage to the pill before sticking. The same fish dish is grilled with pill material and white fish pie. The meat dish is made from the meat dumplings mixed with minotauros and , and theワインped onions and pills. The sauce is based on the wine and added the powder of the pill.

Drinks are red, white, mixed with pills and fermented blue.

Oh, I think that you know in the flow of the story until now, but pills are the drugs that you have been popular with Amelia Saulon.

That said, when Vandalou refers to the pills placed on the dish, the mind of the blood was drawn from the head of the hospital. The chief of the hospital who prepared the pills is of course, but it was because they knew that the medicine that they put in their workplace is not decent.

“Now! If the word is true, it will die if you eat this dish!”

And the chief of the hospital who prepared the pills震ed the fear of death caused by "overdose". It is a drama that weakens the efficacy in the process of matching, and the original is a decrease in the function of the brain.

There is no need to think about how to take such a large amount of play at once.

“I ask you! Don’t kill it! I’m just asking Riem Sands! In my position I couldn’t reverse him!”

"Chairman, do not lie." As a penalty, add butter with pills in bread.

In other words, Vandalou puts bread on the plate for the chief and adds butter.

“I don’t lie!”

It is a lie

“Amelia Saulon!”

Ameria Saulon appeared without a prelude. She has been ignored by her eyes, and she blameed the chief of the hospital without feeling any感情s.

“Is it costly to procure the material of the drug, and I’d like to increase the amount ofムs to Rihm Sands and other aristocrats? I’m also looking for a job for my family and relatives.

It does not leave the staff or doctor's 行ence to the patient of the woman and check it. To insist indefinitely, the rule buggle that is too far beyond one line that should not cross

Then, the queules that came to Amelia Saulon appear in the middle of talking. It seems that a person suddenly collapsed, and the director screamed.

“I’m waiting for you! I’ve been contributing to society! I’m not in this country!”

However, it seems that the head is working to change the direction of self-defence.

“Your eyes may seem a wicked group! But it’s not a sad lamb that is患者less for patients! There are no members of the aristocratic who were brought here because they kill innocent plains, play around taxes, and do too much to see, but they hurt their home names when judged by law!”

When the chief of the hospital complained, Vandalou stopped his hand. Other doctors and priests who have seen it are also developing similar claims to see them.

“Now, I would have no罪 to Ameria Saulon himself! But for the stability of the Duchess of Saulon, and for peace throughout this country, she and her daughter wanted to fall out of the successor struggle early!”

“We don’t have anything involved when she came to this院!”

“I’m sure that the temple was doing the same thing, even if we don’t do it! There are people who are unhappy who aren’t bad at the world! They’re right!”

Vanderou throws a question against that appeal.

“I’ve forgotten to hear, do you have desserts after meals?”

However, it was not related to their claims.

“What’s it?”

“The master, because they may not be conscious after meals, is it better to show them now?”

That’s right. By the way, dessert is a jelly of seasonal fruits and pills.

“Bugurulu”

Vanderou instructs the skeletons to prepare desserts, 構ing surprises, puzzles, and ignored a . In the foot, the ルale is swaying like a jelly, but they are not seen from them.

“Oh, I’m saying that I’m doing something wrong, but I’m not doing this from justice. How do you know if you are good or bad?

Amelia Sauron and new friends are doing because they don’t care about them because they have a lot of medicines that are poisonous and they have made them dashi and gold, as well as blame them, and they have made them wild.”

In other words, Vandalou puts a syrup that melts the pill to the jelly that the skeleton line up with "Oon".

“So you should contribute to society, but it is not what you know. ......There are people who are unhappy who are not bad in the world. If it’s right, it’s right now.

The chief of the hospital who looked at the eyes of Vandalou, thus, the voice disappeared. The turbid eyes of purple blue and red look like the entrance of the deep brim. I remember the illusion that the monsters look here from behind the eyes.

“...We would say that we were too different to claim contributions to society and value of existence.”

In other words, it was a former doctor of Hoover Tone, which should be supervised by the veneer.

To him who is not restrained, the former colleagues give protests.

“Omae! Did you sell us?”

"Well, I'm the same way as ours!"

However, Hoover smiled against their abuse.

“I’m not a member of this mental the。.” I know that it is

Then, when you head to the vacant seat that no one sits, you should sit on your chair.

“So I have to be punished.”

Then, he will follow the manners and wear napkins. The chief of the hospital looked at it and shouted.

“Is it true?”

“Yes, I’m just right.” And now it is a very。 mood. I’m confident that I’m the most free of my life before this dinner.”

The directors of Hoover, who answered them, had no other words. However, when Vandaloo said a word, they ぎed again.

」

Kunochen’s variants were twisted in the mouth of the crying screamer,振 the head of the person who shakes the neck and tries to escape, and waited to open the mouth by blocking the nose of the person who does not open the mouth.

And Hoover moved his hand with his own will. First of all, it is a salad that is an appetizer. A refreshing aroma and sour dressing that can not seem to be mixed with pills, matches the gum and sweetness of crispy leafy vegetables, and increases appetite.

Then, I remembered the feeling of drunkenness when drinking sake. Is this the effect of pills, the same as that of the長?

“If you think about it, you didn’t have to drink it yourself even if you did it.”

That’s the soup and bread that the Hoover stretched out. The taste of root vegetables and the bitterness of the pills create a harmony like a mir , and the dough is well matched with the bread that the pills are kneaded.

"Oh, delicious." Delicious

In other words, when white fish and pills stretched their hands to the pie-yaki of the material, the visibility was distorted. The pie of saxaku was destroyed by fork while str ling, and I felt totally bitter when eating with white fish. The flavor of the powder, salt and草s, butter of the pie dough, and perhaps the taste of milk, the unpleasant bitterness is transformed into umami.

Or is the taste of the meat? To make sure it is, you can extend your hands to a シーcy scented meat dish. The large meat dumplings are stinged with a gums and 震。 hand, and carry them in the mouth while str。ling.

The meat dumplings were surprisingly soft and crumbled, filling the mouth of the hover with meat juice. I don't feel the bitterness of pills at all. Do you have a good bitterness in the cooking process?

"Nyanfu ... delicious hunchy ..."

It's cold from the whole body, and it's hard to move. Hoover rushed his face into the rice as if the dog chewed, and his consciousness was interrupted before chewing.

There was a cata phic spect  in the room.

A person who drips his own blood with the soup and sauce of the dish from the mouth, a person who knows that it is a serious condition at a g。, who continues to sing a small nasal song while removing the white eye.

』

The secretariat of Kunochen continues to grow. Simmer in the mouth of the carved water and drink. From appetizers to desserts, all the dishes were empty.

“It’s a good place.”

』

"Yes, no one is dead, but it's good. I love him ... at least because their bodies work from tomorrow."

The directors are still alive. That’s why life activities are maintained by Vandalu’s magic.

“When I continue to keep my life with the magecraft of [death delay], it is a spect、 of which is right to die as it is, the master”

"In this case, I think it is easier to die. "The purpose of trying the magecraft of death delay is not to make it easy."

Vandalu’s Death Attribute Magic is a magic that delays死亡 death. No damage is recovered, no poison disappears. I don't just die.

It seems that the heart beats, but it seems to lose a large amount of blood, but oxygen is filled with uns rated water in the lungs, but fatal damage to the brain is forced to live by prolonging the time to die.

The uterus is a procedure for treating patients to die ahead of time. However, it is possible to make the suffering long.

"After all, it's good if you wash it overnight. Elizabeth said, “I have left them to me.”

“...I don’t change, but when I’m not in front of Missスia, I’ll call it. She knows the position of the master?

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese. I think I’m hiding something, and I’m honestly saying that I’m hiding it.”

“I don’t think that way of saying that.”

How to say to Elizabeth and Maheria, who have suffered from queules

“I’m hiding you a serious truth.” If you’re wondering, I’m wondering if you’re still unfamiliar. If you know, you can't go back.

However, please feel free to tell us if you want to know. I'll beat everything.

It was.

At this point, Vanderou does not know if Elizabeth is away from you. If you don’t come to the Vidal Magic Empire inside the Boundary Mountains, or have。d from an early preliminary school, you will be able to go to adventure with other members. However, it does not mean "distant" for Vandalou.

If she receives [Vandalu's protection], he is the companion of Vandalu, no matter where he is.

Vandaloo was thinking that he had an attitude to other people in the past, but now it might be “to have a person who leaves”.

“How about Hoover doctors?”

"I'm disappointed as seen, but I'm not sure about it. When he noticed, the master disappeared in [disinfection] and the ingredients exceeding the fatal amount.

Medi s that have been formulated by the院 are continuously taken to demonstrate the effect of the first time. In one dose, there is no serious failure unless the fatal dose is exceeded.

Did you just help Hoover? If you’re going to help, did you take the same process as the Director of the院? That’s because he asked for punishment.

As I said, Hoover was the same as the director of the hospital. That’s why Vandaloo asked for the same penalty. However, Vandalou did not intend to treat him as the director.

For this reason, Hoover did not restraint with Kunohchen, so he was able to eat food freely by himself, unlike the directors. Don’t leave your mind anymore.

......Of course, the amount of fatality is not exceeded, but it does not adhere to the usage dose, so it is slightly affected by health. He will repeat the symptoms of drunkenness and heavy hangover for about a week to a month.

“So he can send to Tarosム and treat it?”

"Yes, it's better than here." There is no family or relatives. Then, I made a demons for brainwashing the chiefs, and then go back to the院 to drink メcinal water to Amelia, so I will do their own actions.

"I'm sorry, my master"

』

The work at a cafeteria made of kunochen in the courtyard of the院 continued until midnight.

And in the morning of the sixth day, Vanderou hospitalized. Elizabeth, who was a preliminary school of the city, asked Paulina on an un機onable face.

“Therefore, Vandaloo is still hospitalized by her mother. I’m a doctor. I’ve done it.

She and Maheria are explained by Vanderou, whose directors were doing what they were doing to Amelia and who they were asked.

On the other hand, Elizabeth asked Vandalou to process the directors. If it says more accurately, it was rounded. If you’re wondering about how to makeザsabス, you’ve been hated by the Prime Minister of Lime Sands for years. And because they were convinced that they would be more cruel at the end.

By the way, Hoover doctors know that they can help. He wants to be punished by him.

“Oh, I’m going to hide my mother...”

“I’m not it, but I’m still in the hospital today and tomorrow because I wrote it in a letter for seven days.”

“But it’s not going to be out of the院.”

“I don’t think about it, but because the Duchess of Jahan comes to見.”

“...I’m going to see you!? It’s just going to use it or just send me a letter!”

Duke visits a facility where there should be no people who like to visit. It is not prohibited separately, but it is a rumor. It is not possible if you are intimate.

“What’s it? Do you want to go to Dalcia Mom and said to him? More than that, today's special lessons after school, but it's good at rank 6?

I wanted to ask myself about the things that I could not see in my escorts, such as the two names of Daimaku-no-Daughter, the unidentified escorts, and the escorts. I 弁 all, so I could fight with the rank 6 monsters. Death

"It is a smart decision, lady"

At the end of the day, the Duchess of Jahan stepped into the 精神。try to see Vandalou.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.