Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 399: The true demon king in the body of the old demon king

The comical version of my work has been updated on November 24th. Thank you very much for your understanding.

Gudulanis lost his army to theウッド Berwood, and his body and soul were sealed.

In the treatment of his soul, he also participated in the "God of Reincarnation" Lodcorte, an expert.

There is no complete resurrection of Gudulanis, even if a piece of soul is released from one or two seals. Gduranis himself.

However, the soul of the rodocollete’s own reincarnation system, which can be said to be an expert, is it true to the soul of humans and animals? Is it possible to treat the soul of the royal gods, which appeared from a different world, as well as physical laws?

Isn’t it like to treat the souls of humans and Gudulanis as well asの構造 that the structure of the body of mammals and crustaceans is the same as the size.

Goddess of Life and Love, who had not yet been away from him at that time. It seems that it is Gudulanis made of roses.

However, I noticed the nucleus of the Witch, which was embedded by the wicked God of the former distribution.

I'm Gudulanis.感情, memory,知恵, rationality, and in ct are all equipped.

(Isn’t it just a piece of soul?)

I was surprised by the release of 。.

Perhaps not only Alda but also Lodcorte, but also [nucleus] was thought to be the center of the soul and the structurally important part of the soul. It is an important part that corresponds to the heart and brain stem for the body, but there is no further meaning.

However, [nucleus] had all the functions of Gudulanis. It was the soul of a small Gudulanis that existed inside the soul of Gudulanis.

In a different world where Gudulanis existed, his soul was able to crush the soul, even if his soul is crushed, [nucleus] is not destroyed safely, and it is necessary to become distant, but it was equipped with a function that can be restored to the same condition as before.

It was a time to be fortunate for Gudulanis.

(Thank you!)

The nucleus of Gudulanis began to take a ride and act before he regain his consciousness.

Perhaps Alda was trying to send it to the same place as herself. He recovered the magical power of the King, one of his souls from Wisewan, the God of Hiding. and hiding attention.

Alda and Vandalu can understand the position of the evil gods and the gods of the Vida family that were released from the seal, because the freed gods are 暴ent while releasing the magical power...

On the contrary, if you leave the place where Alda was trying to drop off, you will not be able to figure out the position. However, I couldn’t choose to escape and hide.

(What is happening? It is not an ordinary situation, even if Alda was silly.) ......You have to regain a lot of us in this time, and you have to be completely revived)

The enclosed [nucleus] does not share the memory of the dark abalone. So I tried to collect information first.

Fortunately, it was avoided in a bowl with Vanderou. And now, I have seen that it is necessary to revive completely.

It is not because Vandalou stakes his soul fragments and absorbs and uses most of the body. For more reason.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

[Nuclear] is a time ... If you have time to get enough power, it is possible to completely revive even if you do not combine with other soul fragments.

Gudulanis chose to hide and wait for about tens of thousands or millions. And then, I have escaped from the world of "Ramda" and moved to other worlds, so I tried to reinvade it.

However, the time required for the revival of Gudulanis was a few hundred million years.

When we collect information, it is because there is a true magic king, and Vanderou, as a “new magic king”.

The gods of the Alda force feared, the Emperor of the Alda and the Yara refer to the "new king" and Vandalou. And Vandalou not only absorbs the gudulanis fl。s, but also spits of the soul of Gudulanis in progress.

It was not difficult to guess who the modern humans were thinking of, "Awesome Magic King".

(The king of the magic has become a 恐怖endous vandaloo! In this case, the fear of the human co-facilitating the King is poured into Vandaloo instead of us!)

The name of Gudulanis is en d in myths, and there is a acquaintance that anyone knows about the village. That’s why people should remember fear and awe in Gudulanis and use it for the energy needed to resurrect.

However, it is Vanderou that people are now aware of “the King” and Gduranis is the only thing in the past. The former King Gudulanis is the only one whose soul is squeezed and absorbed by the body.

Of course, the fear and fear of the monsters become the energy of Gudulanis, but there are many people who do not remember Gudulanis already. In the first place, there are many wild animals. You may not remember anything that is not directly controlled.

In this situation, we need to move something to collect the energy necessary for the resurrection. We need to create a mission to imply humans and faith ourselves, or create a group of magics that constitute ourselves.

If you do this, you will be noticed by someone. And you have to make a new energy source repeatedly, and you can’t resurrection if you don’t keep it for more than 10 million years.

A dream is to escape to another world.

(Aldame, Rodocolte, and Vandaloo! Because of you, our name fell to the earth!)

When Gduranis was poisoned in the inner heart, he actively moved to revival.

“Boddo! Don’t stop you!”

“You are... This is Gudulanis!”

It was a battlefield near the foot of the boundary of the Milg shield country, not the Alda Grand Temple of Amid国の.

Before the Holy War, we will collect it to the Alda Grand Prison [The Armor of the Magic King] in the hands of Leonardo, the Knight of the Holy Spirit, and the candidates of the Knight of the Holy Spirit, and [片] are already embedded in the Holy Spirit Knight and Leonardo's "Jade of the Evil".

In addition, I do not know the place of my own part that Gudulanis also sealed.

That’s why he landed near the battlefield by tra  the attention of [the heart of the king] and [the 脚 of the king], which was removed from the seal and embedded in Leonardo.

』

"It's hard! But you're already used!"

Gudulanis recovered a part of his soul from Bodhód and quickly moved to the surprising Bodhód and ransed Leonardo, he gained his own fl。.

There is no waste power and time to crush the soul of Bodh, fight Budalion and the storm of 虐ence. If you’re wondering, you have to escape from Vanderou and destroy the towns and villages of Amid .

In order to avoid direct confrontation with Vandalou and to give the greatest damage to the Amidst the Holy Land, the people say "The Mao Gudulanis are healthy." As a result, humans may hate themselves and make them energy.

It was such an opinion.

“I don’t have to panic anymore.”

At the same time, there was a black magical stream from the inside of the body, and Gudulanis screamed.

[The Depression of the King] won!

[The Depression of the Devil's Depression] was merged into [The Devil's Depression]!

“What’s it?”

When I started to run a ramp, I tried to go back to the end of a ramp, but the wicked God of the form of the whole body was formed by connecting the mask and screaming from the inside of the body.

"Of course, it is expected that it is your previous business."

"Yes"

The sword of the Schne , who had been crawling for some time, responded to the words of Schne .

Vandalou absorbed the spirit deficiencies embedded in the digット, "The Depression of the Devil's Depression", and he drank him from his own blame. Then I remembered another big death from the Holy War.

If you leave it, you may suffer from Schne . Vandaloo, which was guessed at the brain meeting, was sm。ly increasing the number of vandal kings used in the battlefield.

And I did not notice the small use magical king like featherworms, and Gudulanis tried to absorb the missing parts of the soul of Boddo and the fl。 that Leonardo was absorbed in the form of Piaopogku.

Vanderou replaced the main body with the merit King.

“Now, the main body of Vandalou is in Gudulanis!”

“Is it okay? Isn’t it possible to change the volume even if you switch the main body with the demons?”

"If the body of the volume of one of the feathers is attacking from the body ... I'm not crushed by rebounds?"

The replacement of the body and contents acquired by Vandalou is only the body that actually changes to the body. So, even if it is the main body, the size and shape of the feather-shaped turtle are just as it is.

In addition, the figure after the body is replaced is because it is mentally easy for Vanderou himself and is easy to fight. And to make it easy for friends to understand which is the body.

It is okay. After being sw ed in Gudulanis, I absorbed [the missing of the Devil] and increased volume.

"Is it possible to choose Vandaloo even after I was sw。ed by the owner of the 。?" ...... If you are missing anymore of the body, you will come to Vanderou even if you are free."

"Oh, when Dark Abalone, it seems that Gudulanis had a 片endous 流endous 流fact with me."

Gudulanis’ body is not a Gudulanis. In fact, there was no time to hear their conversation.

"Gouria!? Gaia! Gioo!?"

It was not because Vandaloo was released and absorbed by [the 片fact of the Devil] from the body.

《【Kiss of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Teardrop of the Devil】,【Kiss of the Devil's Cheek Bag】,【Kiss of the Devil's Heart】

[Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil], [Kiss of the Devil] was integrated into [Kiss of the Devil]!

Vandaloo used conversations with Schne s to dedicate to the magical king and devoted himself to攻撃 while thinking differently in the body of Gudulanis.

(Eh, this time, according to [the memory of the King of the Devil], "the evil god of the face" Pyaopok ... It was enclosed by Nine Road before Gduranis defeated in the main part of the magical army. Let’s give priority to defeat Gudulanis.

Well, it seems that the soul was crushed or absorbed when riding on Gduranis.

Vandalu, who couldn’t find the reason to help pyaopogku apart, is not afraid to hurt his body.

In the body of Piaopogku, not only the outer part of the body but also the inner face, release [cannon] and [cannon], throw [the王s of the magic] with the [ghosting] skill,削ve the walls of the body with [t  tongue], hang the tears from [tear gland].

(Since a while ago, you can get [the 片fact of the King of the Devil] is becoming a color ... [the test、est] and [the trench], what was [the armor of the King of the Devil]? [cheek bag] is also quite a thing)

If it is normal, it is a site that seems to be a weak point, but it is not such a feeling that it can be worn on the body, a ify the hormonal, increase the vitality in the sense of power of the mind and body, or go around the energy of life.



One of the countless faces screamed when I heard that. Apparently, it seems that the face of the body is not only visible but also actually acts as a face.

“Yours! Are you Vandaloo?”

"It's right."

“Want to wait, stop! Talk, stop attack!”

Don't stop. If you have a story, please do it.

The story of Gudulanis, Vandaloo cut and abandoned without stopping the attack. It is very difficult to throw magecraft and [Kissing] while measuring the angle of shooting, because it is applied to the outside Schne  or upper sky gig .

I don’t have enough space, but I don’t want to be a wasteful experience.

"Guiy! I'm going to stop my goal!"

On the other hand, Gudulanis continued the word while suppressing the pain of his own [indignity] absorbed from Boddo. Of course, I’m looking for ways to defeat Vanderou at the same time, but I didn’t think about it.

It is also flattened with blood and body fluid that has been changed to 術ent poison with magecraft. There will be no effect even if chewed with countless faces.

(If you are the body of our body, what you can do! If you can not deal with the enemy that enters the body, it is the incompetence of pyaopok! Because it is such a weakness, it loses to the Nine Road alone!)

So there is no such thing as the owner of the body that can deal with the strong enemies that enter the body. It is about Gudulanis himself.

“We live in a place where no one exists until we get back the power, and then escape to another world!”

。 】

Gduranis and the former were not the same person until then, but Vanderou drew a part of the face that expressed the word without consideration.

"Gear Aaria!? This world of humans! No, I swear that all living and living existences are not harmed! The undead is also a地 that crawls the earth!"

"[Flame prison death]"

Instead of responding,血lode blood with magic and burn the body of Gudulanis. The scream of Gudulanis becomes larger, but I feel that there is no fatal damage yet.

"I see. Is it possible to operate the physical body that is directly attacked by a rush with [H、d Sensing: Death]?"

Vendarou continues to attack by ingenuity to make the range that can be damaged more than the strength.

“Want to wait, wait!”

Gラanis changed the direction of life.

“Is it dangerous to wear my opponents?”

Did you know the strategy of the Gods of Alda power while情報 information, or did you hear the information leaked by the upper part of the Holy War while diving? If you do, you might be pointing to Alda instead of Heinz.

"[interは breaking cannon], so I will destroy it here in the previous case."

The condensed black magical turret opens a large hole in Gudulanis. In Gudulanis, which roars the screaming of the ending mage, Vandalou further 術s the magic to sting the stop.

】

The blood ejected from Vandalou has changed to a number of meat microorganisms, and greed Gudulanis with an intense momentum. The screaming of Gudulanis became bigger, but soon it became smaller, and it was weak when it was covered with red microorganisms.

"To hang and recover"

"Gudulanis" and "Magic power" and "nucleus" won!

[A】ning] and [Magic Power] and [Nuclear] have been integrated into [A】 King]!

The magical power has risen to 100 million!

"The King of the Devil" has changed to "The King of the Devil"!

The reason why Vandaloo didn’t listen to Gudulanis’ appeal is that they don’t believe. Vanderou, who has been s pted by the souls of San Zan Gudulanis, knows that Gudulanis is not credible.

Also, it is difficult to escape to another world. Gudulanis did not say, but he could not peacefully fuse with the original people in the new land. If the world is ‘original’ or ‘Earth’, you will have trouble.

Even if it is a world that has no rims or edges, there is no meaning to release invaders. If you have a situation where you can not miss Gudulanis, you can defeat it.

“Now, there was no possibility that Gudulanis will be completely revived. “It was a monster that can not be imagined by humans like me”

“Is it談?”

"It's not what you can say that you are going to be a year."

In Vandaloo, who broke the Gudulanis and s ed, he asked him in his face. This person has just put a link in Reshana.

“I’m more sure...”

“I don’t have any claims for your game.”

If Vandalou seems to do it, it was possible that Leonardo has influenced the missing parts such as [the heart of the magical king]. But that’s why Vandaloo was considered to affect him. It is also after the game has been approached by the wings of the wings.

I cannot guarantee it. No, I can control it.

“No, it’s enough.” I'm looking forward to seeing you."

」

Vanderou does not have the righteousness for Leonardo’s hobby, but it is common to be considered regardless of Schneダー’s muscle and pride.

When I talked about it, the scream of the end of the bodh screamed. Butalion was defeated.

When you look around, the Holy War is almost debated or restrained. The Knight of the Holy Spirit loses his物を, and the Holy Spirit who stays on the ground has disappeared. It is only the power of the former Holy War, which was added to the seal of the [Witch King's Flaws] that ran out.

It is also soon that theクスs of Kachidoki come out.

“So I’m going to kill the Heinz after I made a job change from now on.”

“Oh, the sword is...”

"If you do not have a deter。 even after processing here, please. I will return to the call if I need it.

And Vandaloo replaced the main body with the sam carriage.

Next story will be posted on November 27th.