Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 379: Letter from Mage Masher

After the meeting, Vandaloo continued to talk.

“But Vandalou and Paula are also S-class adventurers? 4 in Amid, 1 in Orbaum and 7 in Vidal. It is overwhelming.

The Schneダー, who is counting themselves to the adventurer of the Vidal Magic Empire, s、es the shoulders of Vandaloo. ......Now there is no adventurer ルドld in Vidal Magic Empire.

Randolph, without pointing it, but on the contrary, looked at it.

"If you see only the number of people, it seems to be a loss group."

“Teacher should grow more in the present. I could retire it.

As Vandalou said, there was no other S-class adventurer that Randolph could not retire. If he had a successor or a fellow, he wouldn’t be able to take him up with the Duke and the adventurerルドld at that time.

“Well, it’s not as easy as you say in your mouth.”

。 I'm not a conductor. Then I was not able to do humans so that I could take disciples. Even now, there is no temporary teacher."

Randolph, whose breath is apparently recognized. This time, I'm not going to say to Schne .

In fact, Schne ’s storm of abuse is feared by the aristocrat of Amid, but there are many people who have a desire to enter their disciples. ......These people are almost part of the Hidden Vida family, so they are lost in the contrary to the Amid Empire and the Holy Land.

And Vandalou is one of the disciples of Zod, a member of the storm of 虐ence.

“Because of that, it was surprising to hear whatルドldmaster says. I said that I would not respond to the class if I did not receive the examination by making a request as usual, but it was cold and cold in the inner mind.

As Meolilis said, Vandalou and Paulina became S-class adventurers due to the request from the ルドldmaster, the top adventurer of the Orbaum 領ld. If you look at the ルドld master at that time, you should consider it as a appeal rather than a request.

E-class adventurers who have just試験d from an early preliminary school are asked to raise the S-class without having to take a grade test. It is an unprecedented 業 in the history of the adventurer 業ld.

In history, there are several people who have been promoted to B grade in the first year after registering inルドld, and who became C grade adventurer at once. However, there is no S class.

In fact, Randolph and Schneダー were running from G to F and EDCBA, but they climbed the grade from the bottom, leading to the status of the S-class adventurer.

In the first place, the guide to promote the S-class adventurer is the ambiguity of "creating a great 業." Therefore, the decision of the class is related not only to the judgment of the time ルドld master, but also to the trend of public opinion. There is no standard of how to become a S class in general.

However, in the case of Vandalou and Paulina, it is an exception. Vandalou is named as "the goddess of life and love" Vida by defeating the revived part of the Witch King Gudulanis. Pauvina is also participating in the fight against Gudulanis by ムing the 暴des of the 邪des.

Vanderou is not just a fan, Paula is also an adventurer who has made a good 業. ......If these two 業s are not suitable, they will not understand what is appropriate.

In addition, if you leave the Vandaloos as an E-class adventurer, nobles can try politics using the制度ld system. If you want to build a personal 護 using a escort request, you can not develop a big problem if you have a back deal or a noble of Alda who is justice mad.

No problem. However, the precedent that the adventurer 政治ld, which should be politically neutral, was used for politics, is first to remain clearly in the memory of super-large government managers and their relatives.

However, there was an expectation that it could be astringency to the S class from the graduation at the preliminary school. The 悟ld master was enshrined with the deter , but surprisingly for them, Vandalu was noded to the class.

"In our original plan, we were going to raise the A level to the goal by step. ジョンions that have been discovered in advance are reported as “undiscovered dungeons”, and sam rides to capture the magic sky, and cross the continent of the magic continent and the magic kings.”

“When I hear the truth, I heard it almost, but if I didn’t know anything, it’s a must-have to raise the S class.”

“I think that it’s just a conscience that is not a match pump that you want to retire yourself after you make a dungeon by yourself or release dangerous magic.”

It is a great 業 that Vandaloo has been deserved to remain in the history of some things that Vandaloo has done so far. I did it again, and I reported it, and I had no doubt that I could raise to the A class, and I would like to promote it to the S class. Vandalou is going to be promoted by Elizabeth and Paulina with Rhine Halt.

Of course,ザsabスs’ ability is引きd to the level that is appropriate for the grade. However, it should be a fun time for Vandaloo.

“But, because Gudulanis revived, it is no longer necessary to clarify various things, and Elizabeth also became the Duke. Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

I need to deal with various things because I missed the honey."

However, since the revival of Gudulanis and subsequently destroyed the honey, the schedule must be changed greatly. I can not enjoy the adventures very much because I have to clarify various things.

If you don’t have a class-up test, you don’t need it. It is not until you decide whether you can kill people in D-class trials, or if you kill them, you will be able to shake the 観ics of losing rationality. I have been using it for human body experiments by killing hundreds of thousands of mountain bandits and criminals until now. We will continue to kill, squeez and use.

Nevertheless, there was no change in the senses and 観ics of Vanderou. Pauvina has no experience of killing people, but there is no problem.

There is no need to think about writing tests to raise the class B or the attitude to upper class. There will be no aristocrats of Orbaum that can be sentenced to two. Rather, if you think about the power relationship, you should be obliged to have them.

"I have been dis、ed by Elizabeth's class."

However, Rheinhalt, the party member of Vanderou, Elizabeth and Paulina, was disqualified. If you say exactly,ルドldmaster did not present their class. If Vandalou asks for a look at the request of theルドldmaster, he resigned.

"Because you catch up with your power, wait with peace of mind."

“Oh, it seems that the actual power of A is already comparable to B class, but it is still in A class. In addition, as a noble, I would like to avoid it as an adventurer because I already rely on the Duchess of Saulon.

“The story changes, but what do you do with the 本部ld headquarters of the adventurer to the Vidal Magic Empire? Do you have to say something similar to the magician ルドld?”

"It's a matter of consideration now. The searcher ルドld and the business will be affected, and it will not be a story if you do not recognize the existence of the undead and magic union members as well as the new species of Vida.

ルドldmasters are not only looking for Vandaloo’s elevation. It was an important purpose to enter the ルドld to Vidal Magic Empire.

There is a country across the border. There are magical things that are not seen in human society, and dungeons that are not known to exist. There are countless adventurers who listen to it and learn interest. It is painful as an adventurer ルドld when they go to the Vidal Magic Empire without being unbearable and saddle to the explorer ルドld.

In the case of a magician ルドld, it is more serious. The members of the magician want to study the materials that can only be obtained from the Vidal Magic Empire and the undead that lives in the Magic Empire.

The Vanderlust is more than moving the mountain range, the Vanderlust and the trekking tunnels of the Duchess of Sauron and the Duchess of Hartner can be seen, and the research enthusiasm is not known to kill.

Therefore, it is desperate to try to minimize the impact of human resources outflow.

“Well, the magician ルドlds will set up the Vidal Magic Empire headquarters in Tarosムm as soon as they are accepted. Magician ルドld has no competing organization, and there is no problem if we protect our laws.

Timaギld has already been accepted. However, since there is a existence that can be judged as obedience, such as Gur and Vida’s new races, undeads, daemons and general citizens of the witch, it is necessary to revise the terms and regulations.

In the near future, Vandaloo friends will be able to walk around the city even if they don’t have a Tailored collar. ......Although it may not be in the Kingdom of Orbaum, the presence of complaining even if it is already a collar.

Eleonola and Ira will continue to collar even if it is.

“Vandaloo」”

Dalcia put his hands on his shoulder while talking to his son.

“How do you think about the letter?”

Then, I was able to see the reality. In front of Vanderou there is a letter in the simplicity envel  passed from the ルドld master of the adventurer.

Asagi Minami is a B-class adventurer who stays in Orbaum. It is a reincarnation with theー ability of [Mジimer].

“...Mother, don’t you go to eat even if you’re not looking at it?”

And it’s a troublesome partner for Vandaloo.

It is not the affliction of the fellow, and it is not the aim of the life of Vanderou. So it is not an enemy that has a reason to kill.

However, it is a troublesome partner. I was asked to cooperate with a research that safely seals [the missing of the Witch] from Gerald Birgit. I thought I would like to live in a place that is not directly involved in Vanderou... I didn’t think I would come out at this time.

I。re the letter and go to eat it. It seems like a wonderful idea.

It is a meeting that attracted the top members of the Kingdom of Orbaum. In such a case, it is not good for health, such as internal organs,皮 and skin. It is a good reason to ignore the letter because it is important to have a health problem that is a government for a country.

That’s why it’s better to forget to eat delicious rice. The most delicious is the cuisine created by Vandalu himself, and the most important thing is: the place where hundreds of people of Vandalu can gather and eat at one time, such as the Unochen Castle, Sam's loading table, and the world of Vandalu himself, but it's nice.

When you are tired, it is more tired to make a dish for everyone to eat, but I feel that it was effective to relieve fatigue, so if you make a large amount of dishes, you will get tired.

"Vandalou". My mother, I don’t have the shoulders of people. However, when I ignore this letter and there is something wrong, I’m saying that Vandalu feels bad.”

Dalcia continued to do so by fixing the head of Vandalu, which began to think about what to make while leaving the reality.

“I’m disregarded by the letter, and I don’t want to be distracted by the people of the Kingdom of Orbaum, including the Duchess of Fゾン and the Saints of Amid.”

As Dalcia says, Vanderou does not care deeply with a little compassion, even if the classmate was a classmate in the "Earth". Rather, I would like to think about the kind ofギ and ginger of the Asagiri fellow.

However, if Asagiri causes annoyance to others, he should remember the 感lt against the human being who was annoyed by him.

In addition, asagi has theー ability of [Mage-Masher] that can stop the acting of the attribute magecraft that kills the dead attribute, and also remove the magecraft that has already started.

Unattributable magic that uses magic that does not have attributes can not be removed, and it is far from invincible because it does not have any effect on physical . And if you care about [Magemasher], it is only possible to kill Vanderou, as well as Randolph, bones, and kunochen.

However, if you turn to the enemy, it is definitely a na、 opponent. In addition, the growth rate should be faster than usual because it is still given [advanced by Lodo Corte].

I don't know how to increase the 実ality comparable to "five-colored blades" from now, but it should not be thought lightly.

That’s why Vandaloo continues to read his letter later.

“But my mother, I’m sure I’m writing this letter.”

It is because it is troublesome and troublesome.

“What should I do?”

So Randolph suggested that. He looked back on his face and continued to talk to Vandaloo as he was surprised.

"In some cases, it is an adventurer who can work dirty. The man is not a criminal, but he does not know that he is going to be involved with him, and he is not polite. If you’re an obstacle to national management, you’ll have enough reason to be killed in the industry that I know.”

A man who is a noble of the country or a national, or an adventurer, uses his/her ルドld to create a private letter. This is a外交lomacy that ignores the manners, using the information transmission network and rules of the adventurer ルドld, if the people are different.

It is depending on the contents written in the letter, but it is out if there is a little content that threatens. If you’re an Orbaum kingdom, you’ll be able to win your neck.

“Mr. Randruff...I don’t like dirty work?”

However, Vandaloo was surprised that he proposed a dirty job by himself.

“Oh, I hate it.” So I'm not going to kill. Tendou, the companion of the man, promises to "help life" and cooperate to abduct and prevent escape. After that, I don’t know if it’s one month or a year, but how about the plan to release it back?

And I want to avoid dirt work as much as possible as Randolph, so it was not assassination but abduction. ...... But it’s not enough dirty work, but it’s better than killing.

There is no explanation that there is only one treatment that can not escape, cut the肢mb and crush both eyes.

“Now, what if you send it back to ‘Origin’, who is going to be the predecessor?”

And Schneダー proposed groundbreaking asagi measures in a different direction from Randolph.

In the past, it was impossible to send humans living beyond the world to another world. However, it is possible to be limited to "original" if it is now Vandaloo. It is possible to adapt the humans of "Origin" to the physical laws of this world, so it is possible to conform the humans of this world to the physical laws of the "Origin" world.

The righteousness to do so is not in Vanderou, but if so, Asagi will not return to the world of "Ramda" unless he takes him again to this world.

Even if you die again in the world of ORIJEN, it should be unexpected for Rodocolte to return to the world that lived in the predecessor after rebirth, so it will not be rebirth in Ramda. ...... Even if it is in the case, it is not "Asagi Minami" because it will be reborn as a baby of white paper, and it will not be "Asagi Minami".

And there is a merit in cedar. Because it is a man who is not considered as a companion, the world of origin with friends is better. The problem of the family register is, "I thought I was dead, but actually I was abducted as a laboratory of Rokudo-san, and I had to conceal the safety and safety information of my own in order to concentrate on treatment until now."

“Wow! It’s amazing, Schneダー! Vandaloo, I don’t think it’s a Nice idea!”

It was a revolutionary idea that Dalcia was happy with his hand. Vandaloo was also thinking, so let’s go.

"Mother, I'm very imp、ed with the idea of Schneダー, but there is a big problem. The problem is that the horse is too strong than when he died in "Origin".

Asagiri has been reborn in this world for several years and has become a B-class adventurer.

The status should be more than several times than that of the time of rebirth.

If you are a former Asagiri, you should have been one of the leading martial arts re生ers in [Bevers]. However, asagi is a super-human who has far exceeded the other re生ers of [バー Bars].

If you are a cedar before rebirth, you should be able to crush the bones of the jaw even if you strike people with full force. However, if the cedar hits the humans of "Origin", the head of the human will crush the bones and brain fragments and blood as if they hit the ripe fruit.

If you are cedar before rebirth, if you receive a bullet in an unprotected state, it will be dead as soon as the place is good. However, if the gun is released from a small diameter gun, it will be blemish. Isn’t it possible to get a ビcy on the most肋s even with a large diameter gun?

The magical arms may have risen several times before rebirth, and may have gained various resistance skills. In addition, if you are mastering martial arts, you will not be able to hand in the world.

It may be difficult to suppress the current cedar even by Hiroto Izumimiya.

It is not possible to predict whether Asagi will collide with his fellow Hiroto Izumimiya. Is he going to reconstruct ‘Origin’, which has been 聖 down to Rokudo St., in cooperation with Hiroto Izumimiya, or leading other members of [Orivars], to build new order and to create more confusion? It seems that both are possible.

For Vandalou, Asagi is not a person who believes that you can maintain the same as you before in a world that has been overwhelmingly weaker than yourself.

And now, Vanderou can not leave the possibility of being 茶 down to Asagi.

“I can’t throw away the bombs because I’m God with ‘Origin’. Joséfs and Sergey Done – You and Hiro’s parents.

“Well, how do you call the people of “Have Bars” to the world and ask them to eat?”

"There is a hand, but it depends on the content of the letter."

It was Vandaloo, which opened a letter of expression, but the content was more serious than he imagined.

The next day of the meeting, Asagi Minami was prohibited.

"...I said again and again, is this handling so much?"

The neck, the arm and the legs are attached to each other, and the chain is connected to each other. It is made of thick and thick black iron.

If you use magecraft, or you can get out of the chain with your free arm...

“I answer every time I say that, but it’s reasonable.”

It was impossible because the ginger and ginger of [Chiri Eye] of Tatsuya Tendou and [Ifreta] are stretched.

“I am right, I am.”

“I’ve left a letter to the 。brities and tried to beat Vanderou. If you did not hear the story, I thought that the heart would stop when I read that I was going to have a research material to the Duchess of Fazon.

Asagi told Vandalou, he left the letters in the temple and shoko, which would stop when he knew.

Then, two people found a letter immediately after the Asagi flew. [Chiri Eye] immediately captures the position of the cedar and captures with ginger. It is prohibited as it is. In order to make the Asagi an adult, we use the service that intermediates the contact between the adventurers of the ルドld, to write him to Vanderou and give a letter with which the two were削ved.

“It’s also like driving to the cliff. Do you know that you can’t say a phrase that was killed in this world?

“It’s not the world, but it’s time and country. Didn’t you think it would be annoying to the Duchess of Billyet?

"No, it's not that big. John and Vandaloo

"It's the same changer, but it's it. No friends or friends

"The class of the school that I was going is the same as others."

In the two words that were told to block their voices, Asagi was forced to be short. Tendou breathed deeply.

“Asahi... We are now facing a dangerous bridge in progress. It is dangerous to pass a letter through the adventurer ルドld. It was possible because Vandaloo is registered as an adventurer ルドld because it is quite rude in this world's lomatic."

As I said, Randolph suggests assassin assassin, three people put themselves in dangerous situations.

“Asagi, you may still think that Vandaloo is the same as you do, but you should be aware that there is no trust or friendship that you can be beyond that position.

Shoko and Tendou were also thinking that he would be dangerous even if he was not going to fight Vanderou at the beginning of his life.

So I did not object to the asagi suggested a research to safely enclose [the missing of the King]. If this is not a direct conflict with Vandalou, it will be a means of stopping him.

Vandalou is a place that is not reaching his eyes... I would not want to be sacrificed by those who were unsealed, such as the Duke of Billyt at that time, but not against it.

And when Vandalou defeated the revival of Gudulanis, he remembers his danger. It is difficult to forget the repellents and fears of the things that Vandaloo is doing, rather than “the earth”.

However, I thought that it is not a problem that my mouth should be sandwiched. However, asagi seems to have not thought so.

"It may be, but ... I saw two people, I was named Zakart Street. What do you think?

While I stayed in Orbaum, Asagiri examined a variety of escorts between Billyt’s escorts. He has never entered the territory of the Vidal Magic Empire. Never have I ever... seen the city of Vanderou. However, in Orbaum, there was a district where the atmosphere would be very close to the country where he was cured.

Asagi asked him and investigated from the dwellings of Daemon and Undead, he learned the sense of crisis and decided to take this action.

“What I think is honestly speaking.” However, it is a common sense and values in the earth and origin of the world, but it is not just the result of measured by foreign objects.

“I keep looking forward until I change my thoughts even if I don’t come to the letter.”  

Why? When Tendou continued, the sound of knocking the door of the hotel was heard.

“I’ve brought me from Vanderou”

“Do you open?”

I was surprised to hear that I had heard.

“......Shoko, put her inside.”

」

As I said, when the ginger opened the door, there was a person standing as seen in [Chiri Eye].

"As soon as I said, I got the 。 of Vandaloo. If you have any questions about what we do, please answer them.

Legion Pluto, who looks like a black hair girl wearing a white dress, tells the letter to one hand.

"I'm a former fellow, so I'm not involved anymore. 3 people

And the mari laughed rather than the figure in the memory of the three people.

Sorry, this entry is only available in Japanese.

Next story will be posted on July 25th.