Title: The Unwanted Undead Adventurer
Chapter: Episode 394: The true demon king reigns over Orbaume

《I obtained [Demon King's Sexual Desire] and [Demon King's Jealousy]! 》

《[The Demon King's Sexual Desire] and [The Demon King's Jealousy] have been combined into [The True Demon King]! 》

“Nuo? What on earth am I...? It's like something that was so intense suddenly disappeared...? Yet, I feel refreshed, as if I have been freed from a possession...I feel as if I have become a wise man.''

``Wow, Vafovald, who was so jealous, isn't jealous at all now? Why? ”

"Because I ate the soul fragment of Guduranis that Arda implanted."

Thinking that he had eaten a disgusting piece, Vandalieu looked at the ``Demon Elephant Beast King'' Vafovald and the ``Sea Elephant Beast King'' Toothord, who were sitting on the ground limply, as if their entire bodies had lost their strength.

The fact that the fragment embedded in Vafovard was [sexual desire] was as expected. However, I was surprised that Toothordo, who I thought had been implanted with a similar fragment, was jealous.

It makes sense if you think that Toothord's behavior while he was losing himself was the result of [jealousy] of Vafovard, who was influenced by [sexual desire].

“W-what! ? I ate a piece of Guduranis's soul! ? Regardless of why something like that was possessing us, spit it out!　vomit now! ”

“No, Vafovard, it’s already too late! Look, this boy's body has been horribly deformed! ”

“Oh my god! To save us...PAOOOOOOON! Please forgive me, boy! ”

"No, I can withdraw if you all leave. Besides, this was before I ate the soul fragment. Don't you remember?"

With his upper body still held by Vafovald's nose, Vandalieu said, ``These gods (people) are good people (gods) at their core,'' he said, forgetting what they had said and done while they were losing themselves.

The people who were approaching Darcia were simply driven mad by [sexual desire] and [jealousy], and were not due to their original personalities. Hate sin and don't hate people. It's all Alda's fault.

"Both of them, this boy is fine, so there's no need to worry. He's been devoured by Guduranis's soul and body fragments countless times, but he hasn't suffered any ill effects...So, could you please let him go?"

While Zadiris was explaining this and calming down, it seems that the battle between Darcia and Basdia vs. Bjazekbyokt has been resolved.

『ＧＩＩＩＩＩＩＩＩ！！』

Dalcia andシアdia drew all the spheres that make him.

Although it was a Viazekkyoku that tried to escape while turbulent the rays, it was sealed while screaming screaming without being used to Dalcia who dropped the vida.

。 Vanderou, do you have two pillars?

"Yes, the missing part of the soul of Gudulanis absorbed. I think mental effects may be okay.”

Dalcia, who had a container of olihalcon sealed Viazekbjökt, unraveled [the goddess descending] and descended on Vandalou.

Vafovald and Tous Ord watched it breathe.

“Oh, if a man who descends the god of Vida, the god of Masaka Ogami appears ... I see that I was wrong with Vida?”

"I was sad, but it is a rude to marriage different from other opposites. Sorry

"It's not dependent on the surface"

Vafovald and Tous Ord, who say so.

Don't worry about it. This is because of the lack of the soul of Gudulanis. If I know that I and Vida are another existence, I don't think.

“I don’t know that it’s called my father.”

』

』

Vafovald and Tous Ord were aligned to a collection of black limbs that illuminate the eyeballs that were born in the body.

“There is a deter、 to be the ancestor of new beasts in response to Vida, but it is very good for us to become your father...”

"It is not suitable for our rush force."

“I remember things when I lost my 気を.”

This is the two pillars of Vandalou, but Vandalou said to his righteous father, that is, the strength of the re-marriage of Dalcia is far beyond Gudulanis.

(Let’s talk with Vida when you are not descending to Dalcia)

The heart of the two pillars, which had been fighting for a while, became one before the common threat.

“If Dalcia is going to re-marriage in the future, I know what happens.”

When Darcia remarried, Zadilis thought about Vandalu, he immediately answered it.

Try out various things that force like before, and if the result is not satisfied, it will be able to achieve the satisfaction result. That’s right.

“So Van, do you eat right now?”

シア Dalcia, the basdia descended on the giant, made with a piece of vandaloo’s magical demise, asks for a container that is sealed by the wicked God that fell in front of Viazekkyokut.

Let’s stop now. I'm eating too much of the soul of Gudulanis.

“Well, Vandaloo? Are you changing with everyone?”

"It's okay now." The shape of the soul is just distorted.

Vandalou is not going to truly accept the maze of Gudulanis, which has been completely revived, unlike honey. I don’t remember any mental or physical disorders.

However, it is true that the 片 of the soul of Gudulanis is喰 for a short time.

(......【sexy greed】Yara [jealousy] Yara [revenge mind] Yara [crazy] Yara, there is no defeat. It was originally the soul of Gudulanis.

Because it is the soul of the dyna , which is manifested in the world from a different world, there may be no clear fragments such as morality,。 and love. Vanderou recalled it.

"It's because I can afford it by the shade of Zantak, Botin, Peria, and Gphadoghan. Let’s take it as a magical recovery item.”

"Yes, I heard from Vida. I want to move both Ricking and Zulwan.

Alda was 。ently angry with the great gods other than Zanthak.

Embedded pieces of soul of Gudulanis in the gods and release them in a place with Vanderou and his friends. It was not forgiven as a god that preserves and manages the world using the Mao army, such as "the evil god of毒ll poison" and "the evil god of killing".

The world may have fallen into a state in which humans can not survive due to this 。。.

Not allowed.

"What was happening there?"

“I don’t feel your responsibility! I’m happy to see you again!”

Dalcia, who knows the size of the situation and roars Vafovalds. Vandaloo was trying to check the situations of each area and decide where to go next.

。 Seeing from the scenes of Vaphavard and Toussold, I will see God and his followers who support Vida. “God of the Hidden God”

Wisewan appeared from the sky. From its strange figure,ディアdia and Zadilis were conceived as the god of the former Mausoleum, who moved to the Vida family.

"I'm sorry!"

“It’s not self-dis、sure, but it’s a little bit too tight! In the meantime, this van eats a piece of soul of Gudulanis!”

“What? Do you want to eat the soul of Gudulanis?”

“I think it’s okay because I don’t feel the attention of Gudulanis from him.”

“Oh! You’re the God of Hiding! He’s the obedient God of Zulwarn!”

"It should be enclosed by the Alda force as we are, but it seems to have been revived like us."

I was surprised by the words that I couldn’t think about in the tens of thousands years ago, and I forgot my introduction and opened my eyes. As Vafovald knew about him, the busdias were able to quickly get to know the essence.

“Well, you have a missing piece of the soul of Gudulanis, right? But now, there’s nothing like that.”

"No, no." But what do you think?

"Rely here" If you're in the depth of your soul, you're in the mind.

“I think you don’t need it.  s

Vandalou rushed to see wizwan’s soul, and investigated it without 生king it. As a result, he was deeply relieved when it was clear that he was not parasitic.

"There is no guide, so please go to the sanctuary of Borgadon. He and Furmown there is no need to move to the Vida family."

“Well! He seems to have gone to the Vida family... more than we know.  

And to introduce the sanctuary of Borgadon in the Duchess of Alcrem as a place where God Wisewan can calm down before consuming. There is one of the core forces of the Alda force in the tens of thousands years ago, but it is okay because there is also a "bird beast" Raphas attached to the use mage.

More than that, it became clear that the unexpected situation is progressing.

“It seems that Gudulanis, who has been completely revived, has collected some of them.”

[God: Goddess], [God: Meteorological God] won!

[God: Goddess] and [God: Meteorological God] have been integrated into [Akami]!

People can move forward without giving up.  

So, if you continue to challenge without giving up, you can fly ghost houses.

We have done.  al to the Creator, with the power of grief, hate, and bonds we have培d until now!

Silky Zakart Mansion was flying in the sky. It is a principle that I do not know well by myself, but I fly freely the sky of Orbaum.

』

“We’re Yari’s Getta!”

The owner of the house ... The undeads are立ing.

It is impossible because it succeeds to meet the expectations of Vandaloo.

This is just a passing point. Be sure to catch up with Quattro and Sam! Let's take the enemy in front of you!

』

When the women of the thirteenth generation whose personality of silky enters, the undeads rotate their teeth with their suspicion, and their power is transformed by音ing the sound like a scream.

A cannon, burスタ, and石stones that are not similar to the ghost house. They are also part of the body of silky, and herself to operate.

"Fortune! God's Lord's loading sirlo! "

、

And the bullets are the demons.

』

The turret-type witch king and the witch-type witch king will go forever.

"Gear Aア!"

The arrows are made of the arrows of the arrows, so the arrows of the arrows are destroyed and penetrated by the arrows of the arrows.

"Want to wait"

And even if it is avoided. Nevertheless, when you try to fall to the city of Orbaum on the ground, you will fly with your own power and return to the city of Silky.

“Vandaloo is great.” “It’s a great action to take into account what happened to be a battlefield.”

Then, if you are living, gufadoghan collects it with magic. It is a perfect distance attack that does not hit the flow bullet to the ally.

』

However, it seems to have been dissatisfied with "the evil god of the castle" and "Pyalesla".

“Is there an objection?”

"It's normal! It's a matter that the magical coexistence that we create is done one after another! It's a story that the magical coexist is weaker than you! "

There was no a。 to the arrows, daemons, and the Hendriksen's adventurers, who were born again and again from his shell's pro sions while they were talking about.

The magic was created to stop and earn time. The current situation where a lot of power is assigned to defeat the monster is also the aim of the Pyarysla.

"What are you doing with the body of Gudulanis?"

It was unpleasant to him is the existence of the demons.

“Great Vandaloo is effective”

“I can’t understand that it’s inferior!? That vandering existence is not related to God and God! There is no good reason to操e Gudulanis’ body except Gudulanis!!”

I remember the nausea of the moment I noticed the King. He was the ugly deterioration of Gudulanis.

“I didn’t know that you were in Gudulanis. “I was aware that there was more or less in the near side of the Mao army.”

As far as Gwhadghan knows, the army of the Mausoleum was drunk in Gudulanis. The existence that has been pursuant to its overwhelming power, the presence that has been fasc。 by the elegance governed by the presence that can be destroyed by itself, the presence that fell in love with the perfection as a life body that does not have poison or curse, and the presence that is followed by the desire to kill someday...

Gwhadghan thought that there were no dependencies and faith beyond loyalty, but it seems that it was not.

Gaffadoghan, who is dependent on Vandalou, believes like God, and puts him in the heart of all values, remembers 感。, while understanding what is the enemy.

“Oh, I don’t think I’m natural and non-human.”

However, the a、 who heard the words of the whispered by the King of Memorandum was destroyed a little em、.

"It is good to re、 the、s that made the great Vanderou unpleasant!"

The space is distorted, the [transition gate] is disturbed, and the炎, flame, ice, water flow, torn, and turret-shaped turret-type turrets cross between Gwhadghan and Pyaryzla.

The attack of the magecraft of spatial attributes is only getting intense. Because of its complexity, Hendriksen and Daemon self-confidents are unable to compete.

"It's not enough to take if you go to Gudulanis, such as Vandaloo, which is devoted by you! "

As soon as Pyarsla was angry, some of the winding shells were crushed from inside.

。 Did you get on Gudulanis?

A shock wave that uses the reaction that the distorted space returns is released by gufadoghan.

"I got on? I'm different! I'm devoted to it! It seems you didn't see it!"

Pyarezra, which cuts the shock waves, attempts to break the space and cut the gufadoghan per space.

"...To have you embedded a fragment of the soul of Gudulanis"

“What did you notice?”

Gwhadghan, which was two vertically, was not damaged, but opened his body right and left.

"I see, the same as Marisjafer?"

Then, stretch and attempt to attack tens of sp、 legs from the open cut surface.

"Kahhaha! If it is a good job to be a神ish God, try to compliment Alda! Because I released this my and my! "

The personality of Pyalesla, who answered this question, had already mixed pieces of souls of Gudulanis, and he had no idea what he was.

The Gods of the other magical kings and the Vida family resisted the missing pieces of the soul of the planted Gudulanis, but the Pyalesla did not resist. On the other hand, I tried to integrate. To make it unhappy, I thought that the surface is 暴ent without knowing anything.

A strong discomfort that disturbs the consciousness of yourself. fear and irritation that gradually grows. I think that it is a gudulanis intuitively, without surprisingly using them, and I will try to dedicate all of myself without hesitation.

It is a feeling that you can only call it crazy.

“Hhahaha! It’s all slow when I’ve noticed it now! I know all the missing pieces, and I’m in this world! Vanderou, whose dedication, and the silly Alda! And there’s no place in subordinary organisms under the dedication of them!”

The cypress of the windshield is large, and the black    that grows from the inside is large. And the rank of the monsters that are pulled up suddenly increases.

“Yours have to be sweetened!”

“No, you’re too late.”

Philippyalesla . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(What?)

Gudulanis, which is all other than the spirit, was caught in a special space that is lighted up, is the root of the stool stretched by Gwhadghan ... I realized that there is something other than her inside.

(Your name...)

"It is a place to worry about what to say after a long time. Gudulanis

“The Magic of Time and Art” Rikuhin was in a dungeon spreading inside the re ement of Gphadoghan.

“How is it?”

"The e、 break with you is coming soon."

』

Gudulanis, who want to get out of the timeless space, is not able to操e the space as you think.

Gudulanis: Your power is the dead attribute. "The power of the spatial attribute and the power of the dead attribute of the person is contrary"

"If you can use it, it will be a strong enemy. However, you can’t use it, but you can’t use it.

I was completely revived in Gudulanis, but there is no memory or in能ct. It’s just a conquest. Only one of the missing pieces of soul.

Even if it was integrated with Philippyalesla, it was not possible to utilize its skillful magic arm.

In order to包む the space where Gudulanis 震 s the space too much of the a , the magnitude of the glass that is not possible such as the seven-faced or the ten-faced, is manifested as a magnitude that can not be judged by both the gudulanis. It is the main body of Gphadeghan. It was a human type, but this is the appearance of her.

It is good to sleep with us. Then you will be part of a great existence when you notice it.

and s、rate the gudulanis as they are wrapped with legs.

(Are you going to seal each of your body? If you do that, you will not be able to act!)

As Gduranis screamed, Gwhadghan tried to seal him using his own body. However, there is no change in her face.

My heart is 震。ing with the honor of the great Vandaloo business.  

(Yes, I'm sorry! I'm sorry to ghee!)

“Oh, it’s a great Vanderou.” Receive this dedication!

The shouts of Gudulanis were broken, and only the prayers of Guphadoghan were resonated with Orbaum.

The people of Orbaum were awkward, guphadoghan, and vandaloo.

"...It's subtle and not good"

Since the surrounding space was distorted and approached, the use of the demons who were able to observe were able to see them in the dead eye.

――――――――――――――――――――――――

・Name: Silky Zuckert Mansion

・Two names: [Demon Emperor's Villa] [Aerial Villa] (NEW!)

・Rank: 11

・Race: Dark Knight Specter Mansion

・Level: 20

・Passive skills

special perception

Strength: 8Lv (UP!)

Mental pollution: 5Lv

Corrosion resistance: 8Lv (UP!)

Color: 7Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Resident: 8Lv (UP!)

Ability value enhancement: Creator: 8Lv (UP!)

Self-strengthening: Guidance: 9Lv (UP!)

Physical resistance: 4Lv (UP!)

Flight: 3Lv (NEW!)

Magic power increase: 3Lv (NEW!)

Maintain comfort: 1Lv (NEW!)

・Active skills

Spiritual body: 10Lv (UP!)

Materialization: 10Lv (UP!)

Alter ego: 4Lv (UP!)

Housework: 6Lv

Etiquette: 4Lv

Cooking: 3Lv (UP!)

Clothing: 4Lv (UP!)

Pillow thing: 5Lv

Unlock: 2Lv (UP!)

Pickpocket: 1Lv

Whip Technique: 7Lv

Command: 5Lv (UP!)

Cooperation: 8Lv (UP!)

Parallel thinking: 4Lv

Aura of fear: 10Lv

High-speed thinking: 1Lv (NEW!)

Injection: 3LV (NEW!)

Gunnery: 4LV (NEW!)

・Unique skills

Vandalieu's protection

Vida's protection

The next episode is scheduled to be surrendered on October 28th.

Also, the comic version of my work by Kenhiro Kojima will be updated on Niconico Seiga and Comic Walker tomorrow, October 24th. Please take a look if you like.